Liam Baxter  0:00  
Cool. Yeah, so yeah, with these with these educator calls, guys, I think what we want to do is just really try to be curious and learn, and that's how we approach them, so that they don't kind of sound like or feel like a bit of a mini interrogation, you know it's, it's kind of light, and we might not get everything on the one call. We'll piece it together from different calls, but hi, I've noticed that you haven't worked that much lately. We do have some shifts close to home. Are you still working in early childhood? Oh, that's, that's, that's awesome. Are you still working with agency, or did you get yourself a permanent job at a center? Oh, great. Okay, so what agency are you at? Do they give you much? Like, I think we want to kind of.. yeah, I don't know what I'm trying to explain here, but we want to try to gather information about their work habits, what motivates them, and we don't want it to sound like an interrogation, but we want to use this exercise, and everything that you can take away from it. We want that to be the framework for ongoing educator management, which is something that I'd love for you guys to work on. So I assume both of you are going to start looking at the team structure and not only fixing onboarding, which is something we'll do together, but also we need to start making more outbound calls. Is that right? Can you unmute yourself if that's cool, Joy? Just so that we can chat.

Speaker 1  1:34  
Okay.

Liam Baxter  1:35  
No worries, because background noise. Oh, there you are. Amazing. Yeah, so I assume that what you guys are going to work towards is a lot of outbound activity from consultants, so that we're calling centers to talk to them about shifts, and we're calling educators to manage those relationships to thank them for the effort they've put in, or all those kind of things, is that right?

Speaker 2  2:04  
Yes, Joy, and I, we have started looking into our current team structure, and then what I explained to Joy is, I want to see what are the items where we can take off, and then add something that we actually need to do instead, but yeah, we're still in the process of that, but we'll keep you in the loop once everything is finalized.

Liam Baxter  2:24  
Perfect. Feel free to keep me in the loop as you go as well, if you want some insight or some feedback. Yeah, okay, great. So, first of all, I visit the Edge Centers, and you know what I think is a good idea, as well. Can we start running our calls through AI, so that we can kind of see the quality of the calls, like. And I know that you're a little bit anti-AI, Sophia, with some things, because you want to be able to independently think and use your own brain power. You're very smart, you're very smart. AI is good for some things.

Speaker 2  3:05  
I'm using it sometimes.

Liam Baxter  3:07  
Okay, good, good.

Speaker 1  3:09  
I can actually raise my hand and do that, because I've signed up before, so it's something that actually, yeah, I've discussed with Sophia that when we do these calls, as well, the both of us. We'll have everything recorded, we'll have the transcript all put into AI, and then come up with a report, so that we can like concentrate on the conversation.

Liam Baxter  3:34  
Yeah, yeah, 100% It just helps. So, what I, what I've been doing each day is I've been downloading my recordings and converting them to a transcript, so these are all the visits I did yesterday, and then you know, can you see the screen by the way? No, my God, what a, what a loser. Come on. Okay, so I've been downloading all my visits into transcripts, and then been kind of, maybe there's an opportunity for me to get better with my prompts. Joy, you can teach me, but I've been basically just asking it to what I, who I visited today, and I'm feeling a little bit more obvious about the visits. Can you give me a rundown on how it went, and then it kind of goes through. Okay, my assessment of day two. On day one, I got 8.5 out of 10. On day, on day two, I got nine. Now, don't get me wrong, I know that we need to, I know that Chat GPT is very agreeable, and we need to kind of prompt it so that it is a little bit. I don't know if harsh is the word, but what would be the right word here?

Speaker 1  4:46  
More forward, yeah. There's actually a setting that you can tag right there for it to not be. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  4:53  
cool. Yeah, cuz I think my Chachi BT is like it's a little bit like, yeah, you know.

Speaker 1  5:00  
Honestly, I don't use Chat GPT anymore. I use Claude and Gemini, so it's,

Liam Baxter  5:05  
yeah,

Speaker 1  5:06  
you know, I've like transitioned because I've seen like the differences. You can maybe try to Liam, but yeah, yeah, I've got a

Liam Baxter  5:13  
subscription with Claude, maybe I can try there too. Yeah, cool,

Speaker 1  5:17  
yeah,

Liam Baxter  5:17  
okay, yeah. So, and it's like giving me a bit of an overview, so more relaxed, sound less like someone trying to understand the market, more like someone who belongs in it. I'm not selling real talent, I'm talking like a founder. Biggest surprises, I left Melbourne, I was worried about Edge after listening to these conversations. I think the relationship is much stronger than I think. Feedback was overwhelming, so at Virginia, they are really happy, strong feel rate, educated quality, good communication. Angel Vail Road, the app is really convenient, using more talent more frequently, because it's better than competitors. Merlot, strong emotional goodwill, enthusiasm around casual pool features, and these guys, yeah, so what it does, it kind of gives me a bit of an overview, and I guess you can come up with a framework of how you prompt Claude or Gemini or Chat GBT, whatever you guys use,

Speaker 1  6:11  
yeah,

Liam Baxter  6:11  
so that we can first of all really, really nail down on how we're structuring these calls and what success looks like, like a really good, so we further refine, and then we have something that we can hand to the team, follow this, but even when they follow it once again, we don't want to have, and I can't say this strongly enough, we don't want to have order takers on the team. I want people to understand what we're trying to achieve, and they can kind of do that and sound natural and build rapport and not sound like they're extremely rigid and just following a script word for word,

Speaker 1  7:03  
definitely.

Liam Baxter  7:05  
Yeah, I mean, it can be there as a guide to begin with, of course, but then you know you get comfortable, you become a lot more competent, and now you can just kind of do it yourself. Yeah, okay, so you guys are going to start making those calls, and you're going to, what I would suggest is, maybe make five calls each, 10 calls each, whatever it might be, and run, then run them through AI, and then have a catch up with me, so we can go over the results and stuff, and all we're trying to do, if there are a lot of recommendations from AI on what needs to change with the calls for me, that's not a reflection of whether or not we've done a good job so far. Hopefully, there is a lot of feedback on how we can, so that we can get closer to optimizing those calls.

Speaker 1  8:00  
Yeah, can you get your approval, Liam, to get a Webex, so that I can also.. I think James waiting for your approval, so that she can request for it.

Liam Baxter  8:11  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, what I'm going to do is give me one second,

Speaker 1  8:18  
and the bird baby

Liam Baxter  8:20  
Sophia, otherwise it'll stay there, buddy. Just, just waiting for Jane, but yeah, we'll get you, we'll get you Webex, and when Jane responds, I'll, I'll get her to jump on, and we'll figure that out. Yep, okay, so that I'm just going to share my inbox, because I just need to get this stuff off my plate, because it'll just improve the quality of my day, to be honest. Okay, so I can get rid of this. You guys are going to approach these educator calls. You know what week after you're going to run the transcripts through Chat GBT or through whatever AI you're using, and then we're going to sit down together and go over it. Is that right?

Speaker 2  9:17  
That's right.

Liam Baxter  9:18  
Perfect. Okay. Amazing. Okay. Okay, Jones. Coming this one here, is there any? I really appreciate this, but I'm happy for you guys to just manage these notes, and what needs to be done in house internally. Is there anything that I need to do here?

Speaker 1  9:51  
I think it's the recommendation form, just call it the referral

Liam Baxter  10:00  
phone for a referral bonus.

Speaker 1  10:02  
Oh, what was that from Sophia that leads to revise

Speaker 2  10:08  
the reference checks form?

Liam Baxter  10:11  
Yeah, yeah, that's the

Speaker 2  10:12  
only thing that you need to do.

Liam Baxter  10:14  
I'm going to create that on Clickup for myself. Hey Jane, how you doing?

Jane Santos  10:20  
Good, thanks. How

Speaker 1  10:21  
are you?

Liam Baxter  10:22  
Yeah, good, good. Hey, so I'll ask you something in a sec. Jane Sophia, you know how we have app issues. Do we have somewhere else where we can create tasks for like team members and assign it to team members things they need to do that's like operational stuff.

Speaker 2  10:42  
Yeah, we do. We've been using Clickup for

Liam Baxter  10:45  
where is that?

Speaker 2  10:47  
It's in..

Liam Baxter  10:48  
let me share my.. let me share my screen.

Speaker 2  10:50  
Okay,

Liam Baxter  10:51  
and if you could direct me to where that is. Can you see my Clickup?

Speaker 2  10:57  
Yep, can you go to Team Space?

Liam Baxter  10:59  
Team space, yep, I can do that

Speaker 2  11:02  
day to day. Can you click?

Liam Baxter  11:04  
Yep,

Speaker 2  11:05  
yep. And then yeah, that one daily task.

Liam Baxter  11:09  
Okay, awesome. And you can assign these to people and it will show up. Yeah,

Speaker 2  11:14  
yeah, that's right.

Liam Baxter  11:15  
Cool. So if I do plus task and I do I and update reference form and I create and where is that now

Speaker 2  11:37  
it go under and notice can you click on that one because you need to,

Liam Baxter  11:42  
where

Speaker 2  11:43  
unnotice at the very bottom next to

Liam Baxter  11:47  
it. Ah, yeah, hang on a second. What is going on

Speaker 2  11:54  
here? There you are.

Liam Baxter  11:55  
What's this?

Speaker 2  11:57  
Yeah, just the template. The, we just did the testing.

Liam Baxter  12:02  
Oh

Speaker 2  12:03  
yeah,

Liam Baxter  12:04  
okay.

Speaker 2  12:05  
Your one is down the bottom, and then do you see like this circle on the left?

Liam Baxter  12:10  
Yeah, I can. So I'll put me and then the circle on the left

Speaker 1  12:16  
center for a test that you click on, okay, do So,

Liam Baxter  12:24  
sorry. What? What am I doing?

Speaker 1  12:26  
Oh, okay. Yeah, can you find it to yourself? It's blank on the top of the list. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  12:31  
yep. And then here I just put it in progress, is that right?

Speaker 2  12:35  
We, yes, you can, but we normally use hand over. I think it's better to use hand over instead, just so that everyone is in the same page,

Liam Baxter  12:43  
right? What does handover mean? That it's been given to me, and I'm working on it.

Speaker 2  12:47  
Yeah, it's like every task will be, will be assigned under the handover. If you can see all of the pending tasks, it's going to be there,

Liam Baxter  12:55  
right? Okay, so besides updating reference form, ah, actually, and what I'm going to do is put a due date of tomorrow, besides the reference form. What else do I need to do from these meetings we've been having? Because, as I said, I'm just, we're just trying to declutter some stuff for me, Jane, but I am going to ask you some questions about the phones.

Speaker 2  13:15  
So that's the first thing, and then I'm still waiting for Nancy to give us its pay rate to because we need to discuss before we make those calls, see if let's say someone is getting a lot higher from Entrez, if it's possible for us to bump their pay.

Liam Baxter  13:34  
Okay, so let's hold off on that just for now, but let me explain why we ran some numbers, me, Yuvraj, and Nancy, and first of all, Edge makes up 57% of our revenue, but they're only responsible for 3030 36% of our profit, so Edge is like not profitable. The margin on edge is 6% The margin on all other bookings with all Victorian centers at its lowest is 20% and that's after business running costs have been accounted for. So, and what I've noticed is that when you do these educator calls, you will find that there might be some other agencies that are slightly paying their educators a little bit more than us. So, what I've asked you, Raj, is you know how we have base pay rate, and then we have, I think, it's new pay rate, or whatever it's called now, used to be called custom new pay rate and WRP, it used to be you're either one or the other, so you could be base and custom, or you could be base and WRP, but you couldn't be all three. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  14:53  
Yeah,

Liam Baxter  14:54  
yep. What we're going to do now is we are going to combine all three, so that means in July, so in July, the pay rates for educators are going to go up by approximately 9% but that's 9% provided it's going to go up by 4.7% on the Children's Services Award for everybody, and then it's going to go up an additional 5% because of the gender under evaluation, but that won't impact edge, because they're already on the worker retention payment. If you're on the worker retention payment, that's absorbed within that. Yeah, at that time in July, I was on a meeting recently with the edge management, like the CFO, and I asked him about who we work with, and the rates, and are we still the cheapest, and they didn't even hardly care. He said, yeah, you're the cheapest, but I mean it's only by a couple of dollars, a few dollars, so I'm going to increase their rates. What they care about is getting their shifts filled more than how much it costs per hour, so I'm going to increase their rates to make edge more profitable, and with the increased government rates that I think will make a difference to the additional amount that other agencies are paying educators, because they're going to have to be mindful of things cutting into their margin, so once educators' pay rates go up by between five to 9% Randstad or Entrez or AND UK might not be paying out the educators as much as they previously were, as in the additional bonus on top, yeah. so I think we hold off on that, but as we're going to be making our educator calls throughout the year and next year and the year after, we're going to find out lots of information about what other agencies are paying educators, and I think the approach that we want to take is we want to match what they're getting paid, and then if they perform well, and we get that information from client calls and feedback, and looking at their history of how many times they've been requested or favorited or things like that, then we can offer those people a pay rate increase, because they're actually doing a really good job, they deserve it, and we want them working for us more often.

Speaker 2  17:20  
Okay, I have a question. Actually, you said that youth are going to work by combining those two pay together, like with the custom. I believe with our current educator in South Australia,

Liam Baxter  17:34  
yeah,

Speaker 2  17:34  
most of the custom from the previous system is still there. Do we need to visit?

Liam Baxter  17:39  
We're going to talk, we're gonna have a toggle.

Speaker 2  17:41  
Ah, okay,

Liam Baxter  17:43  
yeah. So, there'll be a toggle, and it'll be like combine all three. He's just creating the ability to combine all three, and then we toggle it on for people, so we always have the chance to

Speaker 2  17:59  
sit just me, oh, okay.

Speaker 1  18:10  
Hi, Jane.

Jane Santos  18:12  
Hi, Joy.

Liam Baxter  18:13  
Hey. Yes, so there'll be a.. there'll be a toggle, is it called new pay rate? What's it called? It's.. I don't know why it changed. It's a bit annoying that it changed.

Speaker 2  18:27  
I think extra, extra pay rate, that's the word. But let me.. yeah,

Liam Baxter  18:32  
extra. Now I'm checking now. Yeah, it's base pay rate, extra pay rate. Yeah, fantastic. Okay, so we'll have an opportunity to toggle that on Sophia, good thinking, because you know if Kanika Song is on WRP and her base is this, her customs is she's getting this, but actually her custom or her extra pay rate, sorry, is $1.50 but all we actually need to pay her so that it's higher than whoever she's working with is 60 cents, we can amend it to 60 cents, and then we can toggle it on.

Speaker 2  19:05  
Okay,

Liam Baxter  19:06  
yeah. Great, Jane. We need to figure out the phones, and I was just wondering, How far away do you think Marisa is from jumping on and making calls, or is she already doing that?

Jane Santos  19:26  
Yes, since yesterday she did the vetting call, and then today as well will be continuing to do that. So, by next week, hopefully she can have her own Webex.

Liam Baxter  19:40  
Okay, now do we.. do we have a.. we have a spare Webex, which was Alyssa's..

Jane Santos  19:50  
Alysus, yeah,

Liam Baxter  19:51  
yep, great. Can I ask, in your role, are you.. are you using what I want to avoid, Jane, is I want to avoid signing up for an extra license that I don't need. So, what I was going to ask is, can we repurpose Alyssa's and give that to Marisa? And if it's okay with you, could we repurpose yours and give it to Joy, and you share with Lorie or someone in the morning team, so that they have the line in the morning, and then you have it in the afternoon when you start. Is that okay?

Jane Santos  20:27  
Yeah, that's okay. If you don't mind me counting my productivity, because I included my productivity with the team, so if you want me to like use hers, then I'm not going to count my productivity with the calls. Then,

Liam Baxter  20:40  
yeah, sure. Well, what? Yeah, that's fine. What, what I'm more wanting before the end of July, when you step away, is if you could spend time getting the inbound team, getting the new onboarding team to the point where they can make it take inbound calls,

Jane Santos  21:01  
but they're doing it already.

Liam Baxter  21:04  
What, like all kind of inbound calls?

Speaker 2  21:07  
Yes.

Liam Baxter  21:07  
What about how's the quality of those calls?

Jane Santos  21:10  
I never had any extra time yet to really do call listening and provide them some feedback, but on a daily basis we have the huddle, and we talk about challenges in terms of the calls that they have handled so far. Probably when I'm done training Marissa, then I can focus on the current onboarding team to do a bit of a call listening.

Liam Baxter  21:40  
Okay. Yeah. Great. What time do you normally start? Is there an overlap between you and Lorie?

Jane Santos  21:46  
Yes, so I start at around 8am Walmart time.

Liam Baxter  21:52  
So then what would you do then if you're not able to? How do we work this with the phones, Jane? Is

Jane Santos  22:01  
Joy going to use the phone all day, or

Liam Baxter  22:09  
no? Not necessarily. I don't think Joy, what I'm getting Joy and Sophia to do, is starting to make some educator calls to start looking at how we're going to build relationships, and the start of that would be to call all the essay educators to try to find out, you know, what the landscapes like here in SA from an educator point of view. How many shifts are they doing? Why did they disengage? What's happening in terms of pay rates? What agencies are they working for? What agencies they prefer working for? Why do they like those agencies? What, what is it those agencies offer them that others don't? Would they be interested in a bonus for more shifts completed across the week? Would they be interested in a referral bonus, that kind of thing. So I think we also want you making a few onboarding calls, but not in the sense of trying to add to our onboarding numbers, more just to understand onboarding and how those calls are approached, so that we can refine. No, I don't think so. So

Speaker 2  23:22  
maybe Maybe Joy can use mine, because it seems like we're gonna work closely anyway at this time, and maybe if, when Joy wants to jump to the call, you can use my line for now, and then I can use mine when needed, because, yeah,

Jane Santos  23:38  
and Sophia is not doing any inbounds or any outbound.

Speaker 2  23:42  
Yeah,

Jane Santos  23:42  
so

Liam Baxter  23:44  
listen, maybe you can make your educator calls at one specific time of day, Sophia, and then have that line and make her calls, and then you guys can work on your other projects on either end of those. Does that work for now?

Speaker 1  24:01  
Yes, we actually talked about that yesterday, Sophia and I. We already divided our times, so I think that's perfect.

Liam Baxter  24:09  
That makes sense. Okay. Great. Would you be able to help Jane please with getting Isa set up on Alyssa's line, so we gotta kind of like change that over and get her logged into that, so she's got her own line and her own extension and stuff, and everyone has access to the portal to click up to Slack to email, yeah,

Jane Santos  24:37  
yes, except for her flex, Liam, if you can invite Joy,

Liam Baxter  24:43  
who doesn't have Isa.

Jane Santos  24:46  
Yeah,

Liam Baxter  24:47  
okay. Let's do that right now, just so I make sure that it's done. Is going on here? Okay. Oh, I think I need to log in as contact. Actually, my bad, I Add content cool, and how to admin, and what do we team management cool, okay, so joy@talent.com.au and for Isa it's I Z Z A,

Jane Santos  25:43  
yes@rawtalent.com.au, Yep,

Liam Baxter  25:48  
cool. They've both been invited. Jane, yeah, thanks for that, Sophia. What we might also want to do, or Joy, you could potentially help with this as well, especially because you just went through this process. It's not urgent, but at some stage, let's get an onboarding kit together for new consultants, which will include the training that Jane goes through, but like a checklist of what they have to be added to, and all that kind of stuff.

Jane Santos  26:20  
Yeah, for the tools. and all of that,

Liam Baxter  26:24  
yeah, yeah, okay, awesome. So, yeah, I'm having really good visits. I went out, I was just telling Joy and Sophia Jane, I went out to, like, Virginia and all of the angel roads and Gola, Gola is such a nice place, by the way. Gola is like a little country town. It's got like these brick-like bridges that go over these little rivers. You have to keep stopping so that the ducks can walk across the road and stuff. Like, I stopped at an intersection, I was about to vip my horn. I was like, what are you doing? And then all these dust walking across the wall. I'm like, oh, that's nice. Yeah, it's really peaceful. Also, the people in Adelaide, super nice, crazy nice. They're like country people, they're so laid back. I don't know if you have this in the Philippines or in Thailand, where people in like rural areas are nicer than people in like big cities. Is that a thing in the Philippines and in Thailand?

Speaker 2  27:29  
Yeah, it's a thing here.

Liam Baxter  27:30  
Yeah, right. So, yeah, like I went to IGA downstairs with Chica when we first got here, and we walked the next day, and we walked in, and the guy's like, good morning guys. How are you guys today? If you need anything, you just let me know, okay? I'm here to help. And then, and Chica has these like really thick black frames for glasses. And then he said, and by the way, I really love your glasses, they look really cool. I was about to have a go at him, like I was about to say, like, what's your problem? I thought he was being a smart ass, but he's actually being like really, really nice. Like, when I go to IGA in Melbourne, they'll say, 'Hey, there's cameras, don't steal, like, but here they're really, really friendly people. So I'm having chats with centers, and what I'm finding is they don't love Entree, not as much as we thought they did. By the way, Entree doesn't have an app, they just created a portal, but the center managers don't like using it, because they have to be sitting in front of their desk to use it, and they have to text their shifts, and their confirmations are getting sent via email with compliance documents attached, which is what we used to do years ago, but that's really annoying. So, what's happening at Entrez, I think, is they're scrambling to use technology because they're seeing all of these other big agencies coming towards Adelaide, and it's going to be really hard for them to start to compete. It's also very much a relationship business. I went into, I think it was Murlot Road, and there was a lady there, and she's this.. she was.. I spoke with the center manager, but there was another lady there, and she's the center manager of a different Edge Center that's been closed down and we'll reopen in like a month or a month and a half. Do you guys know what that

Speaker 2  29:25  
is? Alice is her name, Alice,

Liam Baxter  29:28  
I think it might be. Yeah, she's a chubby lady, but I know you guys don't see the clients, but yeah. And anyway, like, she remembered a conversation I had with her when the center closed down, where I was saying, "Hey, it's not your fault, please just be kind to yourself, look after yourself, and stuff, and she almost started crying, like when, when she saw that I walked in with the shirt and stuff, because I brought some cupcakes and stuff, and yeah, she was like saying how she remembered that call and how it was a really low point in her career, and she wasn't quite sure what she was going to be doing with herself moving forward, and that call kind of really helped her to look at it differently, and she's so grateful and stuff, and like, yeah, it's very, very much relationship here. So I have no doubt that we can win edge back at all. I also went into another center and signed them up on the spot, Gala community childcare and preschool. Her name's Sharon. I'm going to get in touch with her this week and get her lock-in details and stuff, but just had a really good conversation and she agreed to give us a trial, and you know, to book us in and stuff. So there's definitely opportunity here, and I'm going to, I'm going to look at hiring a workforce partner on the ground that can go and kind of manage all of those relationships and stuff, but what I'd love to see is we have a workforce partner here that drops into the centers, calls them, manages the relationship, locks in behaviors around, you know, all of the features like favorites and requesting and availabilities and all that stuff, which availability is supposed to be live in the next 48 hours, but what we also need to start doing is networking, especially when availabilities is live now, is having our team not only make outbound educated calls but make outbound client calls for bookings, and to talk about available educators, and do they need any support? Do they need anyone booked in? Yeah, so as you're making the educator calls, can you please start thinking about that as well, because I think we want to, we want to proactively reach out to centers to see how their booking went, how their bookings are going. Make sure that they understand how to use favorites, and they know how they know they can request people. Make sure they've downloaded the app, and they're logged into the app, and let them know that we've got availabilities live now, and show them where that is, and do you have any educators that you would like to book in for the next next week, especially Gala. Scholar said they do all their forward bookings, and what they do is they email that all to, they email a lot of that to Entrez, so if we can get in touch with them and get that information from them and make it really easy for them, then we'll get their shifts.

Speaker 2  32:33  
Okay. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  32:35  
yeah. All right, cool. So you'll help with the phone for Isa, the phone, Jane, setting that up all right. Cool. Well, I'll just stay on with Joy and Sophia for a bit, if that's okay. I'm just going to go through my inbox and kind of declutter some stuff, but I'll be later. Thank you. Okay? Are you sick, Sophia? She

Speaker 2  33:07  
is sorry.

Liam Baxter  33:08  
That's okay. Hi Adele. I hope you're doing well. My name's Sophia, and I'm the operations manager at Royal Talent. I noticed that you recently tried to register with us, so I wanted to reach out and introduce myself. I'd love to see if there's anything we can assist you with, whether that's answering any questions you may have, discussing the staff and needs, or helping you place bookings with the team. Please feel free to get in touch if you'd like to chat. I'm more than happy to help. I look forward to hearing from you. This is, did you write this on AI, or did you just type this?

Speaker 2  33:38  
I type it sometime, and then ask AI if the grammar is correct,

Liam Baxter  33:44  
you're so well suited for this job, Sophia. Seriously, you're thanks.

Speaker 2  33:50  
But that's the same sentence that we discussed this morning, but they didn't answer the court. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  33:55  
yeah, that's okay. All we can do is try, but you're on top of that, like you, I mean, you've emailed them, you've called them. Yeah, we'll do the best we can. Maybe you give them a follow-up email in a week or something, potentially, or a call. Okay, fair enough. Don't need that anymore. Okay. It was really great meeting today. Here's a summary of our action items for today. Is this just the project tracker?

Speaker 1  34:20  
No, it's like the link to the recording. If Sophia next day..

Liam Baxter  34:25  
Ah, okay. Is there anything I need to know here?

Speaker 1  34:29  
No, that was just like the first email. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  34:33  
yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  34:35  
Oh, I think there's one more at the last portion where Sophia would bring into your attention the new race. Give me a second.

Liam Baxter  34:48  
Yeah, so we'll, we'll figure out the new rates and base rates for educators, and then we'll let the dust settle, and through educator calls, we'll start figuring out who we're going to get pay rises to and how much room we've got to do that, Sophia. So, we'll reach out to Nancy and see what our profitability is. Yeah, yeah, cool. Okay, so yeah, I tried to open this, and I couldn't open

Speaker 2  35:15  
it. Oh, have you get your canvas locked in?

Liam Baxter  35:19  
I thought I did. Yeah, it asked me. Oh, okay. What is the raw talent password? Do you know, Sophia?

Speaker 2  35:30  
I have to take Clickup. Yep,

Liam Baxter  35:36  
sure. Take it up.

Speaker 2  35:43  
That's the password for email, right?

Liam Baxter  35:46  
That's correct.

Speaker 2  35:53  
Okay, are you ready?

Liam Baxter  35:54  
Yep. Give me one second. I'll just get back there, got for it,

Speaker 2  36:04  
123

Liam Baxter  36:06  
yeah,

Speaker 2  36:06  
123

Liam Baxter  36:08  
yeah,

Speaker 2  36:09  
123

Liam Baxter  36:11  
yeah,

Speaker 2  36:11  
one two,

Speaker 3  36:13  
okay,

Speaker 2  36:14  
121

Liam Baxter  36:16  
yeah,

Speaker 2  36:17  
and then capital RT,

Liam Baxter  36:20  
okay,

Speaker 2  36:21  
and then excavation marks.

Liam Baxter  36:24  
Okay, I wasn't sure if it was like echoing, or

Speaker 2  36:32  
but it's hard for them to guess if they were

Liam Baxter  36:35  
incredibly hard. Yeah, all

Speaker 2  36:40  
right.

Liam Baxter  36:41  
Oh, oh yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'll share this screen as you go on, so you can see. Okay, Canva, here we go. All right, so what we have here is overview, line graph, bar graph, edge, and and then you've got each location

Speaker 2  37:03  
that's correct, yeah.

Liam Baxter  37:05  
Okay, so okay, so all right. What do we got here? Booking overview, what, what does this, what does this mean? The,

Speaker 2  37:20  
oh, okay, I created this because you said you're going to use that for centers' visit, and I believe that it's before you generate this report for yourself. This one, it's just kind of like the trend of each month, starting from September last year. See how many bookings they place, and then if you can see the graph at the top, which is the blue line, so those are the numbers of the booking place by them, so yeah, this time or in some specific month when the number drop and then it gets higher again, and then it, you know, it's kind of like to be the trend, but yeah, you can see from there, and then the the line for yellow is the number that the bookings get filled, and then down the bottom, which is red, is the because before we had this issue where we don't really have the correct way to to identify the unfilt,

Liam Baxter  38:18  
and this is the incorrect numbers, obviously, because we don't know what the correct numbers are,

Speaker 2  38:22  
yeah, because that is the number for all canceled bookings on the system.

Liam Baxter  38:27  
Okay, so we've got canceled bookings filled in red and bookings placed, okay? Yeah, right. Okay, and then we've got it for each bookings canceled for Seaford Heights. Oh, it's only one booking.

Speaker 2  38:45  
Yeah,

Liam Baxter  38:46  
yeah. Okay, so I right, what I'm, yeah, I'm going to close this now, but what I'm thinking is we might want to create something where we can keep a track of client activity and have it a part of every monthly report, so we can see which clients staying the same, which client is increasing, and which clients we're starting to lose. They're starting to decrease for whatever reason, maybe we're not losing, and maybe they don't need as much agency support. And then eventually we could break that up by state, so that the workforce partner can see that and see kind of how they're doing, so they can use that to go out and manage certain accounts, or see where we need to advertise more stuff like that.

Speaker 2  39:50  
Yep, okay,

Liam Baxter  39:51  
yeah, it's not something we need to do now. I just think maybe it's something that we should work towards.

Speaker 2  39:55  
Yeah, do you want to compare to be like this month versus last month?

Liam Baxter  40:01  
I don't know what. Do you think, Joy? Do you think is that how we should do it, or should it be a running tally of the last like three months or something?

Speaker 1  40:11  
Yeah, it should be like we should be able to take a look at quarterly data. I don't know if that's possible, but yeah, essentially it should be monthly. Should be a monthly report.

Liam Baxter  40:21  
Yeah, I know it's a monthly report, but what we're saying is, with comparing the booking data, should we show this month versus last month, or this month versus the same month last year, or this month the last three months?

Speaker 1  40:34  
It's, it should be all of them, but it should be the most ideal would be this time of the year versus this time of last year.

Liam Baxter  40:46  
Yeah, I think we want the, that the last three months as well, Sophia, because that way we can see the walking trends, because if we're losing somebody, we're not going to know that year from year, we might lose them over a course of eight weeks or 12 weeks, so I think we want the last three. Yep. Okay. All right. I've got a couple more things here. So, okay. So, happy hippo first aid, that's one that I need to do in Clickup. So, let me go back to Clickup here, do first aid task, and it is here. Okay, Jesus Christ. Okay, so I'm just trying to declutter this. Yes, this Sophia, what do we.. oh, center visibility issue. So, is this like educators? Can you see this by the way?

Speaker 2  42:01  
No, you're not sharing your screen now.

Liam Baxter  42:04  
Okay, hang on one second. Okay, currently our team does not have visibility of the instructions or requirements. Have you raised this as an app issue?

Speaker 2  42:18  
Yeah, Prince will work on that after the availability.

Liam Baxter  42:22  
Perfect. perfect, perfect. Okay, great. So I can get rid of that. If we could just have a and then the last one here is this meeting notes. So inbound call traffic, are you enjoy working on this?

Speaker 2  42:40  
Not yet.

Liam Baxter  42:42  
Okay, that's okay. So, inbound call traffic manual calls for last minute shift cancelations, center special instructions or requirements, which is the thing we just looked at. Liam will contact the center to discuss and clarify first aid. That's fine. Liam will contact center to discuss portal features available to support with preferences. Favorite educators offer centers that want. Yeah, we'll just fix that over time. Visibility of center instructions, outcome visibility of center instructions. Liam will discuss this with you to explore. Okay, so that our team have this visibility. Please create a Clickup task for this, Sophia, or I think you already have.

Speaker 2  43:22  
Yes, done. Yep.

Liam Baxter  43:24  
Onboarding team, your onboarding process, follow-up templates, email dashboard outcome. Okay, yeah. Can I please delete this?

Speaker 2  43:35  
Yep. Yeah,

Liam Baxter  43:36  
can I? Can you guys not send me these things anymore? Can you guys instead just to save me, because it'll save my life, like really, like from a health markers point of view. Could you guys just have a like a weekly meeting with me, and you go over anything that you're working on that I need to like give you advice on, or help with, or direction with, or that you want to present to me, like, hey, we're going to do this, we're thinking of doing this, we're doing onboarding, we're going to make these changes, and we can kind of go over, I can plug in, I can be with you guys, I can give my recommendation, and then I can plug out, and I can go, and then after that meeting, I don't need like a long email that's got like all the every the summary and everything because it just yeah it's too much I really really need to just get away a little bit from operations and if you guys get to the point where you need more support to be able to make these changes let's make that happen let's bring some people on board, because I can't. I'll literally go insane if I have to. Yeah, it's just too much. I just can't. It's destroyed. It'll destroy my life. Awesome. So, yeah, that would really help. That'd be good. And if there's something that you need that's urgent, then of course let me know, and I'll get straight on to Yuvraj immediately. We've got, I've hired somebody to start with all of our emails. Her name is Jamina. She's helping us with email nurture sequences. We're starting with client boarding, so what is going on here? Give me one second, guys. Okay, here is some examples of some emails, but that's not the client onboarding ones. These are nurture sequences. How did it go? You completed your first shift. She's already started on like client candidate ones, but she's going to be helping with with all of the email flows for client onboarding and nurture sequences for clients, and then we're going to start working next week on candidate stuff. I think I'm going to introduce her to you guys and get used together in a meeting because she essentially does all of the email communications and you guys are redesigning how we actually will be onboarding educators and what we need to have there, so I think it's important that you guys can be in contact with each other and work together. Yeah, that way I'm also not the conduit, and then yeah, once again we can, we can have meetings, the four of us, to catch up and talk about that, and she already knows, and Yuvraj now.

Speaker 2  46:32  
All right,

Liam Baxter  46:34  
okay. Thank you so much for your time today, guys. Really, really appreciate it.

Speaker 1  46:39  
Thanks, Liam.

Speaker 2  46:40  
Thank you too.

Liam Baxter  46:42  
Have a great day.

Unknown Speaker  46:43  
Bye. I think.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
