Speaker 1  0:02  
Hello. Oh, hello. Is that Sim?

Speaker 2  0:06  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  0:07  
yeah. Hi, Sima. My name is Liam. I am. Hi, hi. I'm good. How are you?

Speaker 3  0:15  
Good.

Speaker 1  0:17  
That's good. So, Sima, I'm actually the founder of Raw Talent, and I just wanted to give you a quick call. I'm sorry I missed you at the center today. I just wanted to say thank you so much, because we've actually received lots of really good feedback. The centers really love having you there. They said you're doing such a great job, and that you're really passionate, and I just wanted to thank you for being so consistent and doing such a great job for real talent.

Speaker 3  0:48  
Oh, thank you so much. No worries.

Speaker 1  0:51  
Oh, you're more than welcome. Yeah, great. So, yes, I believe the center director, Christina, gave you our certificate today.

Speaker 3  1:01  
Yes, yes, she did

Speaker 1  1:03  
nice, and a Visa gift card,

Speaker 3  1:06  
yes, yes, she did it, yes,

Speaker 1  1:08  
great. So it's a $50 gift card. I wasn't sure what to get you in terms of a gift, so I thought

Speaker 3  1:15  
that's amazing, that's the best gift for me. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:20  
No, perfect. I thought with the gift card, that way you can choose yourself what you want to spend it on.

Speaker 3  1:26  
Yeah, yeah, that's amazing. Thank you so much. That was a lot to me.

Speaker 1  1:31  
Oh, you're very welcome. Thank you so much. And also, I just wanted to say, if you have any friends that would also like to work at Royal Talent, we'd love to have them on board. I'm a big believer that really good educators know other really good educators. So, if we, if you have any friends that are passionate like you, we'd love to know about them, and we'd love to get them on board, and we can get them working as well,

Speaker 3  2:01  
yeah, yeah, sure. Why not? Because last time when I call you, you said if you bring friends, I'll give you like, like, add all your payments or something, but I get so many friends my your numbers and my raw talent number and all those things, but I did not hear from you guys anything, even I, even call that things as well.

Speaker 1  2:24  
Really, did any of your friends actually come on board with the Royal End and start working?

Speaker 3  2:29  
Yeah, yeah, Kanika, she started with me. And then Sabago, there are most of my Indian friends that I know, they might call them that when working with Rotalian, it's very good, you can be or whatever time you can work, they want you, because of most of people are struggling with the timing of the school drop off pickup. Yeah, and I just told all of them,

Speaker 1  2:52  
okay. In that case, then I'm gonna get my team to reach out to you and get the names of the educators that you referred, yeah, just so that we can follow up with them, but thank you so much for doing that. I think it sounds like we need to get a better process in place, so that you guys can do referrals and we can track those, and then make sure that you guys get a little bonus for that,

Speaker 3  3:18  
yeah, yeah, because last time I did, I get nothing, and then I'll do my best. I'll do my best, because, yeah,

Speaker 1  3:24  
no, I'm sorry about that. We'll, we'll get a better process in place, and we'll make sure that we can track that. But thank you so much for already referring some friends. I really appreciate it.

Speaker 3  3:32  
A lot of friends, and most of my friends learn, like every cent, and I go, everybody knows me. And then, like, how they know you, because I work for ages for agency, so everybody asking me, how is it? Is it good? I said, yeah, yeah, it's good. If you join, it will be amazing, because you can choose your availability, because it's yeah, flexible. Yeah, you can choose your own time, what time you work, you can take your own shift, you don't need a like call center. I can't walk this. This, if you want, if you could keep, get sick, you can cancel as well. So, yeah, yeah, everybody was happy. Yeah,

Speaker 1  4:09  
yes, yes, definitely. Please try not to cancel too much, though. It makes it very difficult for the centers, but yes, of course, if you're not feeling well, you can cancel.

Speaker 3  4:17  
I did not cancel any shift, but, like, that's great.

Speaker 3  4:20  
It's something emergency happen,

Speaker 1  4:22  
of course. Sometimes life gets busy, we have happening. No, of course, things, things happen sometimes. That's understandable. Can I ask, I'm just curious, do you currently work with another agency, or you're just working with raw talent?

Speaker 3  4:40  
Sorry, was that

Speaker 1  4:42  
are you currently working with another agency, or you're just working with Raw Talent? I'm just working

Speaker 3  4:47  
with Joyce. I'm just working with Joyce,

Speaker 1  4:49  
but have you worked? Are you working with Entrez?

Speaker 3  4:52  
No, I worked before with Vanceship. Since you guys open,

Speaker 1  4:59  
yeah.

Speaker 3  5:00  
And then Jessica from the Jessica from the other, the center, give your number. I joined you since from that time I work with you guys.

Speaker 1  5:11  
Ah, okay, yeah. Well, that's great. Yeah, no problems. Um, can I ask, when you work with Randstad and then you work with Raw Talent, which one do you like more? I'm trying to make sure that we're doing a good job for educators.

Speaker 3  5:24  
Both of them is good. I'm happy with Ran that I had it, and I am happy with you guys as well. Is

Speaker 1  5:32  
there anything that Ranstad was doing that we don't do that we should start to do, like a way that we can improve?

Speaker 3  5:40  
Ranstead was giving us $1 bonus for every day being on time and wearing the casual boot, casual clothes, things like that. If we work five days a week, they give us $1 bonus for those who do like five days. Yeah, we have doors. It was good, because everybody was like, "Oh, you're getting bonus, we're getting bonus, like it was. They had that one for period of time. It helped a lot, most of that.

Speaker 1  6:13  
Yeah, that makes that makes sense. Okay, that's also something I can look at. Maybe we can do bonus for the more shifts somebody works, and if they're like not canceling, coming on time, something like this.

Speaker 3  6:25  
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  6:26  
Okay. Great. Well, once again, thank you so much. Because, as I said, I asked my team, actually, who is our best educators in Adelaide Police, and there was a few names they gave me, but they said Sima is at the top. She's amazing. The centers love her so much. She does a great job. They're always asking, can we request Sima, please? So, thank you once again for doing such a good job. I really appreciate it.

Speaker 3  6:51  
No, I thank you so much for appreciating us.

Speaker 1  6:55  
Yes, no, of course, it's the least I can do. Well, have a have a lovely night.

Speaker 3  7:00  
You too. You too.

Speaker 1  7:02  
Okay. See you soon.

Speaker 3  7:03  
See ya. Bye. Thank you.

Speaker 1  7:04  
You're welcome. See ya.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
