Speaker 1  0:00  
We can get them in this, and we can do well, but if I'm going to go out and visit lots and lots of centers over the coming months, what I don't want to do is create even more friction with edge, as well as burn prospective new clients that come on board because they put bookings in, and they struggle to get them filled. So, I think Edge is so big, and they've grown so much in terms of their bookings. We've doubled in size of the number of bookings of Edge, but we have more than halved in the amount of Edge services that we service. So, what that tells me is that there must be a huge number of edge bookings across the board, and that's just Adelaide. Then there's Queensland as well. I feel like it's going to be a very different market when I go out and visit centers in Melbourne. There's an oversupply of educators there, there's an under supply here, so I feel like I'm going to be speaking to centers that are a little bit more sensitive around having a conversation with me and casual staffing and wanting to get some help, so I don't want to speak too early, but I think the more challenging part is going to be onboarding educators, retaining them, and making sure that we have a high fill rate in Adelaide, and that's kind of what I was hoping that both of you could work together on and start to address, as you know, Joy Jane is stepping away from her role, so there won't really be any leadership in that afternoon space, so that's something I'd really love you to consider, take on, but yeah, I'm just trying to think, I guess it'd be great to really understand and get your perspectives on what our challenges are going to be, what I'd love to see, ideally, in the next three to six months. Is long term, we make those structural changes to the onboarding process and the technology, and we have more well-refined SOPs, a well-trained team, and we're able to achieve much better numbers in terms of our candidate onboarding, but we really need to understand what's going wrong and put some immediate fixes in place, so that we can improve those numbers, and I think from some of the calls that I've heard, I feel like part of that is definitely process driven, but I feel like part of it is maybe communication and commercial awareness on behalf of our consultants. So I think it'd be, and I read something over the weekend, I think it was something that you sent Sophia, where you were, or maybe Joy, you guys were breaking down like what you were going to be working on over the next few weeks.

Speaker 2  3:10  
Oh, yeah,

Speaker 1  3:11  
yeah, and you've got as part of that to listen to consultants' calls and provide feedback. Can I ask, Joy, in your experience working with companies that you've worked with, is it, is it quite achievable to build a team of consultants offshore that are really commercially minded and can really drive onboarding like what I don't want is people that are really polite and have conversations and kind of agree to everything, but don't really build rapport, don't create urgency, don't understand what the candidates actually looking for what's going to motivate them, and they just kind of have those kind of flat conversations with them. Do you think it's possible to do that? It

Joy Victoria  4:09  
is very possible. I've seen teams that are very high performing, and I've helped build teams as well. So, I've listened to some of the calls, and you're right. Actually, some of the representatives really are just transactional, or just following the script, or just completing the call for the sake of completing the call, is what I feel. And if I compare it to say Donna's call, I know Donna, you know, is,

Speaker 3  4:38  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  4:38  
my friend, but her call is actually more really creating that rapport and building the confidence of the educator or the person that she's speaking with, and it is very possible to have a team like that. It's just making sure that we recruit properly, so we have a proper recruitment process for the current team that we have, maybe I need to have a gage of whether they have this potential to improve, or is it just, you know, because there are some representatives whose limit on commercial, like, say, awareness, this only up till there, you know, and are not trainable, which, you know, we shouldn't be wasting our time and our resources with,

Speaker 1  5:36  
yeah, no, I totally agree, so yeah, what I'd, and so, clarity on that path, Joy, which is great, but yeah, what I'd really love to see in the next kind of analysis was, okay, this is how onboarding is working, and this is long term amendments, Sophia, and I want to make to onboarding. However, these are the short-term things that we can implement pretty quickly to get some wins on the board, and I think a part of that is going to be system, but part of that is going to be doing a bit of an analysis on our team and seeing where consultants are at, how calls are structured, how we're communicating things, and I guess looking at making a bit of an assessment as to there or not there's an opportunity to provide feedback training to certain team members to get them where they need to be, or whether or not we need to start looking at bringing on newer team members and replacing them. I think for too long there's, yeah, we focus very much on culture over the last 18 months, but I think unfortunately what we've done is we've created a really, really friendly work environment that doesn't have the right standards, and everybody gets along really well, which is great. I want an enjoyable workplace, but if we don't get the results that we need consistently and have high standards, then we just simply won't have a workplace in 18 months, so yeah, we, we've got a really good opportunity to turn this around, but yeah, we need to do that. Another thing that was interesting was talent now, so you were saying something, I think there might have been the numbers, and this will make more sense, Sophia, once you've got the report, but Joy, you were saying there was a pay comparison, raw talent at $42 and other places at $46 an hour, what what might there might be some confusion. So, are you familiar with how the worker retention payment works?

Joy Victoria  8:10  
No, not yet for us.

Speaker 1  8:12  
Cool. No, for the educators. Let me give you a quick walk through, so that we can understand that, and then we'll be on the same page. Okay, so worker retention payment, or WRP, put in place by the government to it was coming into an election, and what they wanted to do was they wanted to make two promises in the early childhood space, they wanted to significantly increase the pay for early childhood educators, and they also wanted to make childcare more affordable for parents. So, what they did was they created the worker retention payment, and that meant that over a two year period they would increase the pay levels for educators, a total of 15% So, initially it was 10% and then it was an additional five, and it was a government scheme, kind of like government funding that was available to childcare centers that they could use that to pay their educators those higher amounts in order to retain them, but as a center, you had to opt in and sign up for it, so not every center has worker retention payment. When you opted in and signed up for it, what it meant was that for the next four years you weren't able to increase your fees. Therefore, the government is saying centers have signed up for this, they're going to be able to pay their educators that additional 10 and then 15% and we'll fund that. So, what happens is, if Sophia is a diploma educator and she's on $40 an hour, and we own a childcare center Joy, we sign up for the worker retention payment, now her pay becomes 44 at the extra 10% but what happens is we pay her 44 but the government pays us back that additional $4 Yep, so with Edge Early Learning, they're on the worker retention payment, so what we have in our pay system internally is we have a base pay rate, then we have a custom pay rate, and then have worker retention, and for any center that is on the worker retention payment, it's automatically built into our system, and we can just simply toggle them across, so East Melbourne Pallet Reserve, they are so, if you'll see here, WRP, and then it's enabled, whereas if we go to candidates and we look up Connecticut song, is it Connecticut song? Yeah, Connecticut, and then we go to her pay, what we'll see is a base break, so that's the pay rate under the current award for a diploma, and then we've got an extra pay rate, which used to be called custom, and then we've got the total of what they are, and then we've got the WRP, so this is so when, when we're paying someone via that, that's working at a center of WRP, I know this is probably confusing, I'm sorry, they get the base rate plus the WRP, which would be a total of this if they would then do a shift the next day at a center that is not signed up to the WIP, then they would get their base rate plus the extra, which is this. Does that kind of make sense?

Joy Victoria  11:57  
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, so without, if I got it right, without the WRP, they did. If the center didn't sign up for WRP, it's just gonna get their normal pay rate,

Speaker 1  12:11  
so that's correct. Um, so for every educator we have a base rate, and that's based on their qualification, but then we also have an extra pay rate, and at the moment, if someone is working at a center where they're on WRP, we don't pay them the base and the extra plus the WRP amount, we just pay the base and then they get the WRP, so it brings their pay from 4155 up to 4570

Joy Victoria  12:44  
Okay,

Speaker 1  12:44  
what we can do, and this is we're going to really make a difference for Adelaide, is we can switch on that it includes extra as well, so we could pay them base plus extra plus the WRP amount, so instead of 4570 this person would get 4680 so instead we'd be paying that extra $1.10 $1 whatever it might be, to push them over the limit to make us the highest paying agency for them to motivate them to want to take shifts with us now. I don't know. That was the other thing I was gonna.. the reason that I'm explaining this is, I think it would be a useful exercise for you guys to figure out, and definitely for yourself joy to figure out the kind of profile of a candidate, and what motivates them, and what they're looking for, but I'll also be honest with what I've got on over the next two weeks. I don't really think I have the bandwidth to make the educated calls, and I was wondering if you guys would be able to help me do that, but I do genuinely - I am asking because I'm struggling for time, but I do, however, genuinely think that it would give you guys a really good insight, because what I'm effectively hoping that you guys can help me solve supply, so I can then just focus on demand and getting the centers, okay? So three things that motivate our educators' joy, which is how much work is available on the app. Can both can they choose when and where they work, and is that work a close proximity to their home? And the biggest motivator would be salary. So, what we've tried to do with our onboarding is, and I'd love your feedback on whether or not you think this is a good approach, and you don't have to give that now, you can take your time to consider it after you've understood the onboarding process. I've tried, but this is where having a commercially aware team, also with a real onboarding structure, will pay dividends. What I've tried to do is work into onboarding the ability for us to be able to qualify and understand an educator as to whether or not they're going to perform well for

Speaker 3  15:23  
us,

Speaker 1  15:24  
however, there are educators that will come through onboarding that on paper we might feel they're somewhere between average to good, maybe because of their communication skills, but then when they go out to the centers, they're absolutely exceptional, and the centers adore them. And then there might be others that are really effective communicators, and they go out to centers, and the centers don't feel really happy with them. But what I'm also trying to build into onboarding, or what I have tried to, and I'm not sure to what degree it's working, is to understand educators hate and build a target market of childcare centers that use casual agency staff, and I'm not sure that that's really working with the current I think we definitely work, and this is so, if an educator has all of this, by the way, like we'll make these decisions together. If an educator has never worked with an agency before, and they're coming on board straight out of school, they've always worked somewhere permanently. Then paying them at our base rate is going to be an increase, i.e. they're happy, more margin. However, if they have worked with an agency, then otherwise they just simply won't be motivated to work with us, and what it leads to ultimately is more cancelations. Now we've got a rating system, and we've got favorites, and we've got the ability for sensors to be able to rebook who they like, and we really want to push that with our email nurture sequencing, as well as with our workforce partners on the ground at center level, so yes, it looks like we're paying every educator a higher pay rate, or matching their center,

Speaker 2  17:37  
yeah. I maybe it's a notebook.

Joy Victoria  17:45  
Yeah, have a question for our meetings. Is there an option to record them?

Speaker 2  18:02  
I think if we're gonna record a meeting, we might have to use the different software like AI read and stuff.

Joy Victoria  18:08  
Okay, so sorry we lost you, Liam. So,

Speaker 1  18:12  
yeah, I saw it was starting to turn.. um, what was the last thing you guys heard?

Joy Victoria  18:19  
Um, matching the pay rate of an educator or a higher pay rate.

Speaker 1  18:25  
Yeah, so that we're also not spending, so that we're also not spending too much money. What I was thinking is, is that we can match them if they then perform really well, then we can look at increasing it as a reward if we're getting good feedback. I think we've got to really manage our relationships with our educators a lot better, make sure that they're engaged, make sure that they're happy, but they're also a huge source of information. The 166 educators that are active right now, which I don't know how many of them are actually active and taking shifts, and also I find out that there's an issue with the app that some of them might not be seeing shifts, but our entire target market of Adelaide, almost of several agencies, we could that entire list from the educators that have already worked with us or registered with us, they know which centers use lots of agency because they've worked there with other agencies. So, what I want to do is during onboarding, I want to have conversations where, through lead generation, we're also able to qualify and find out someone's work history, and then under the guise of incentivizing them, what we're doing is extracting leads, and I'll give you a level on a call with Sophia. I might say something along the lines of, so you know, welcome. Thank you so much for registering, registering Sophia. We're so happy to, and looking forward to having you coming on the team. This will be a five to 10 minute onboarding call, where I'm going to try to understand your experience a little bit better, help you with your onboarding, answer any questions you've got, and then we'll have a really clear plan, so that you can get started. So, first of all, tell me a little bit about your experience. How long have you worked in the sector? And then we find out how much experience Sophie has. And great, so with your experience, as that mainly completely agencies before pay rate, so if we pay them our casual pay rate, it's going to be higher than anything they've achieved before, anyway. So, it's an improvement for them.

Speaker 3  20:45  
And then

Speaker 1  20:46  
what we can do with that is it's a little bit different being a casual educator, and flexibility and proactiveness is really important. For example, with the centers you've worked at, Sophia, in the past, have you worked alongside agency educators like a way to manage Sophie's expectations around what's required? Quite a lot of educators mechanically, how many days a week, and how often would they get people in? Okay, great. So I'm sure that you would have worked with some really proactive educators during that time, and then you would have also worked with some educators that unfortunately didn't have the right attitude and were very proactive, and you can see a clear difference with those two. So what I'm doing is I'm pointing out what the expectations are, and how Sophia can then get requests every earn additional pay if she follows the traits of those educators that are really proactive. I've also done is I've found out these centers use agency staff across that state and to what degree they use them,

Speaker 4  22:00  
so in terms of a lead, sorry, I'm just trying to multitask here and bring this up, do

Joy Victoria  22:14  
they get like any type of referrals, like say referral boards, if we successfully maybe bring on educators they preferred,

Speaker 5  22:29  
not at the moment, but we definitely should. We, yeah, we definitely should. The system crushed

Speaker 3  22:42  
it. information and more names,

Speaker 1  22:48  
I'm thinking that becomes part of the suggestions you want, Sophia, come up with I'm on

Speaker 3  23:11  
the

Speaker 1  23:21  
bit so when when we're on an onboarding call and of Sophia has worked at another but she has also undergone where we have the center name, and we can have different statuses. Just I said it, usually consistently, agency name, center name, center address, phone number, the educators name, and the consultant that. And then we want to get them to do a follow-up reference call to find out the position, so the whoever we're talking to, the center, whether it's assistant center director or assistant director, their email address, their first name, their last name, and then when we hit complete, it then uploads that into our CRM job adder, which creates a target temp or high agency user, so that I can then map out client visits and make sure that I'm spending time going to centers that actually use a lot of agency. Sorry, I know that this is, this feels a bit long-winded. Are you still with me, Joy?

Joy Victoria  24:44  
Yes.

Speaker 1  24:46  
Now the call could go a different way, where Sophia says, 'I, yes, I've worked for the last year with, and I'm really glad to hear that you have that experience. I feel like that's a really lost and wasted opportunity. What I'd like to do is, I know that I need to now incentivize Sophia in terms of pay rate, because no matter how good our interaction is, if I'm paying her, she just didn't work with unless we have significantly more work than they do, which is not going to be the case for a long time, and if there's an opportunity that she accepts a shift with us, but then a shift becomes available at any point for that same day with entree, she'll cancel the shift with us and go with the entree one she would have preferred maybe to work at the center that we're going to send her to, but because of the pay it motivates that action. So, how I want to approach that is really proactive, gotta be tentatively super engaging. The fact that you've got that experience means that we can start you on a higher pay rate than we start our typical educators on. In order for me to be able to set that higher pay rate up from day one, I just need to understand and validate your experience a lot. So I want to ask you a few questions around your experience and your time. Also, going to need is when you're uploading your compliance documents, if it's a little bit higher, that takes care of the motivation side, but then through commercial awareness, we can now have a conversation with Sophia around both the volume of work and the frequency of sensors she went to, as well as the experience she had with Entrez. So, questions could be something along the lines of great, so over the last year, How many days a week, did you work with Entrez, and did you go to lots of different centers, or did you find you were always going back to the same centers? And when you were at those centers, were you working alongside many other educators from Entrez, or was it just you there? Now we're starting to get concentrates bookings and sends back the same people to the same centers consistently. We know that this is that educators' favorite center, and we also did you like about working with Entrez. How did you see if some questions to understand doing from a candidate management perspective, that's really motivating candidates, because I'm more than happy to adopt some really good practices that they have, that all agencies have

Speaker 6  27:57  
the company managers

Speaker 3  28:02  
What is

Speaker 1  28:08  
of the center director, and then that comes through as a lead to me, along with a note that Sophia has been is almost completed with her onboarding, and she worked consistently at Brompton Park in Adelaide through Entrez. They booked her three days a week for the last year, so that's really able to go to that center and say, I'm on board. You know, this is what we do. This is how we can help. I understand consistency is really important. So, pricing educators, and we've already uploaded them onto your profile, so now you can book the same educators that you've been doing, just at a more cost-effective

Speaker 7  29:00  
price for these species and benefits.

Joy Victoria  29:17  
Oh, actually, this is a very good action plan, and Sophia and I have done a couple of touch bases already, and I feel like we have a good relationship in terms, and we have the same path here, so you can come up with like what you need and back it up with data as well, because if we just keep increasing or offering these numbers to our educators, how will it affect us financially too, of the company, and for these questions I feel that actually I feel like they should already be happening with the onboarding team right now, because I'm wondering why it's not happening.

Speaker 1  30:11  
I think I think it is. I think I think that perhaps they're trying, but once again would be just need to get a feedback on terms of, you know, their communication and how they're approaching their calls, and whether or not you feel like you have a high performing team, or we have some high performing consultants with some others that have the opportunity to be able to grow, or whether or not we need to look at maybe making some replacements, potentially, if that's something that we have to do. We can't move forward unless we have the kind of team that can really buy that. I'm still waiting for her feedback. She hasn't given me some, but I've got a friend, name is Heather. She's a manager, and she's going to register. She wants to do some casual work. Now we have an onboarding process, and we have a way to extract leads, but if we speak to someone and say, "Well, thank you so much for registering for your going to understand your experience a little bit more with your onboarding, answer any questions you've got, and then create an action plan moving forward, so that we can get you started quickly. Tell me a little bit about your experience. Well, I've been in the sector for 15 years, and for the last 10 years I've been a center manager, and I've also just recently finished my master's degree at Swimming University College in ECT. I then wouldn't ask a bunch of qualifying questions on the next five minutes about have you worked with children of all age groups, are you happy to chat nappies? Your shift, please. She's a center director, she knows all of this. What I do is try to switch gears and build rapport straight away by saying, wow, to be honest, we don't actually get an opportunity to speak to center managers or people that are experienced as you that often, so we normally work with children of all age groups, or you know, other kind of skill verification questions, but I can see that I can bypass that with you, you're an experience. Well, I'm sure you've spent the last 10 years asking the same questions to people that you've onboarded at your own childcare center. Also, I just want to point out that we want to make sure that we pay people of your experience higher than our other educators, and to be completely transparent, the reason is because when you go out to center your preview experience and your knowledge base, that centers are really, really happy, so you're basically a walking advertisement to make your talent look good. So let's just go straight to onboarding and have a look at your profile and see what's missing and what we need to do to get you started, and I'll also be happy to answer any questions. And then we'll be done for the day. This should only take a few minutes, as opposed to taking them through all of the transactional qualifying questions about, do you understand the early years learning framework? Tell me, what your approach to child protection is, like all of that stuff. We can kind of bypass that to do structure and SOPs, but I don't want a company. There is a written response for every single question or situation you might find yourself in, if this happens, say this. If that happens, say this. I want people that understand the big picture, what we're trying to act accordingly.

Speaker 3  33:57  
Yeah, great.

Speaker 1  34:00  
I don't have a list of questions yet that I want to ask them. I'm hoping that maybe you guys could come up with that yourselves, but I think with those educators. well, actually, do I have? Yeah, I've got a different list here. I've had you, Bright, organized this list for me. I believe in I Yep, so first couple of tabs are about my visits, where I'm going to be visiting and stuff. Feel free to send out if we've got a tab here, so slipping gifty reactivate dormant, so he's given them so, and they're color coded, so we can see who our top performers are, who's at risk of slipping and reactivation. They've gone quiet everybody with last shift cancelation, I guess you love it into their booking history last shift date cancelation rate completed canceled qualification phone number, so what I think we need to do, and I'll share that with both of you guys at the end of this meeting. What I think we need to do is cross conversation, but if we're looking at our stars, maybe we want to, you know, really want to understand what people's experience has been with us, with our technology, with our consultants, what, who they're currently, who else they might be working with, in terms of agencies, how often they're working with them or left us or gone dormant. Why was that the case? Was that motivated by the availability of work or was that due to pay and if people are getting paid more with another agency and they're a staff then we might want to get confirmation of what their pay rate is extra extra pay rate, so that we're at least matching or slightly exceeding what that rate is with the other agency, and I think what that will help do is revive a bunch of educators, so that we were essentially buying a higher fill rate instead of trying to go through the process of onboarding 100 to 150 new essay educators over the next three to six months to stop the bleeding in essay. I think if we can incentivize people through pay people working, how often they work with us, so that we can have a clear action plan of these are the things that we need to resolve on our end, whether it's system, process, people, pay, and this is the thing, yeah, I Are you guys okay to make those calls?

Joy Victoria  38:26  
Yes, I am okay.

Speaker 1  38:28  
Awesome, I think. Yeah, I think that was it for now. I'm feeling much better after reading your report. Joy, I feel like understanding in terms of our history. I'm hoping that over the next couple of weeks you will gain a really clear insight into onboarding and candidate management, because I feel like if we can fill those two if we can fix those two things, or make you know big strides in improvement there, 8% of the time

Joy Victoria  39:21  
the

Speaker 1  39:21  
leaf, we'll burn them, but if come on board and we take. and we, I think you know every center we bring on board, every educator that we have working with us consistently, it takes those away from a competing agency and affects their numbers in a negative way, which kind of helps to build a little bit of momentum for

Joy Victoria  39:52  
us. Yes, I would like to take maybe more of this week, and I feel like that would give me more insight on our process, because I can. Now I've created those relationships that some of the onboarding to now ask them more questions and more refined

Speaker 3  40:13  
questions

Joy Victoria  40:14  
on what I need to know. I've also created interests. Away project management tracker, because we've talked about a lot of initiatives and projects in the last two weeks, actually. So put in that the team has committed to there from our last management meeting, and as well to be a nice plan, and

Speaker 3  40:47  
because I feel like going to move forward as fast as you want it to be, so

Speaker 2  41:04  
remember the CST, where we have to co-educator, we did call some of them yesterday, but there's still a long list that we need to do, would that be okay if I have the onboarding team to delay the onboarding

Joy Victoria  41:22  
or such case,

Speaker 1  41:35  
okay, yeah, sure, that's that's perfect, that's okay, yep, okay, there was one other thing here, I'm sorry, guys, I'm just trying

Speaker 5  41:56  
to just try to find it action plan

Speaker 8  42:01  
technique a reference check form. Where is

Speaker 4  42:17  
it? Note, here we go.

Joy Victoria  42:24  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  42:30  
do you remember this one, Sophia? 10 days ago. Yeah, yeah, I'll I'll be honest, I've been super, super stressed for the last few months because I'm carrying the whole weight of kind of having an adverse effect on me, and I'm kind of hoping that I definitely want to help and support and provide some guidance, but when it comes to reshaping with onboarding with, do we have the right consultant in place, those consultants that aren't achieving the outcomes we need them to, or do we need to look at replacements managing inbound queues? Do we want every consultant cross-trained, which I think we do, so that they can both handle onboarding, but also take an inbound call, whether it's from a candidate or a client, and action it effectively, so that we're not choking up inbound lines because answer a call. We're scared to let the rest of the team answer a call, but with all kinds. Can you guys create, and maybe it's this tracker that you've set up, create a space where you're working through have meetings with you, so that I can kind of, you know, have some visibility, and, and we can, you know, do a little bit of strategizing together, but do you think that you guys could execute this autonomously,

Joy Victoria  44:14  
and yeah, with Sophia's help, and then when we touch base, we're just going to make sure that we meet first, so that we save time when we finally meet with you, and then just show you the most important up-to-date report reporting on that file, or our progress.

Speaker 1  44:34  
That would be so amazing. Yeah, if we could make some strides in improvement on that side condemn terms

Speaker 9  44:45  
of who's responsible for

Joy Victoria  44:48  
what. Yeah, so we have project owners, and we'll have specific categories here. If it's under technology, if it's under governance, if it's under people, and or if it's under supplier education, if it's under operations, if it's under onboarding on the applicant side or onboarding on the client side, and we have our people tagged as owners here, who we will, Sophia and I, will be following up with, based on whatever initiatives they put, they put up during the management meeting.

Speaker 1  45:31  
What I'm thinking, three types of centers: centers that only want new educators, centers that want a specific first aid certificate, and

Speaker 2  45:45  
take those centers.

Speaker 1  45:48  
Okay, cool. Last minute cancelations center special instructions requirements.

Speaker 4  46:10  
Is

Speaker 1  46:15  
members that I brought on our company, and they just assumed so much responsibility and helped in so many areas, but yeah, I think it's time to kind of, yeah, to do, do an entire assessment and figure out what directions we need to take, but yeah, we can. We're not going to get the results that we need. I don't think

Joy Victoria  46:50  
I agree on that. Yeah, I can coordinate with Sophia on our times to make sure that there's management on AM and PM, so I don't think that's a new problem.

Speaker 1  47:02  
Yeah, cool. Thank you so much. And please feel free to reach out to Lori Adrian or any of the consultants if you want more context on in terms of work hours. Joy, I'm happy for you to do full-time hours. You, you do what you need to do to, yeah, achieve what we need to achieve. If that means full time straight away, then I'm fine with that.

Joy Victoria  47:29  
Okay. And can I also like maybe discuss, because I think it's important, you know, when I want to reach out to our team members, that they know what exactly, exactly I'm doing so. I just wanted to ask, like, maybe what the title?

Speaker 1  47:46  
Yeah, in terms of the title. So, I'm so sorry. Yeah, I don't.. I haven't got that yet. Did you have a time

Joy Victoria  47:59  
during the post interview, I think we talked about, like, a business consultant, but yeah, do you think under the impression that I'll be under the onboarding team, so will I be taking in onboarding calls, or what should I tell her?

Speaker 1  48:22  
No, so if it feels more comfortable for you to jump on to invite me to a meeting with you and Jane, that's fine, and I can deliver that message. What I've been pretty clear with Jane, and what I've told Jane is that you're a consultant, they've got, and they know the experience that you've got. You help companies strategize, streamline their processes, improve in terms of efficiency, and there by be able to escape, not because I want you to be on the queues making outbound onboarding calls. It's more just because I wanted you to a get a little bit of foundational knowledge of our onboarding process and what and how we run and manage our onboarding and how they introduce into raw talent and how they're trained and those interactions take place. I feel like if you were sitting down making onboarding calls every day, that would be a huge waste of resources. Personally, if you make onboarding calls in the future, I think that would be more to provide what should be done, as well as to maybe you know, keep your knowledge base up to date, speak to some educators, keep it fresh, see what they're after, that kind of thing.

Speaker 3  49:50  
Okay, yeah, that's better about that. So, thank you for clarifying.

Speaker 1  49:59  
That's okay. You're more than welcome, and in terms of a, in terms of a,

Speaker 3  50:10  
sorry, joy

Speaker 1  50:23  
In terms of a title, I don't know. Do you have one in mind of

Joy Victoria  50:30  
the business consultant thing, but I think for now we can go with the business consultant title, and then maybe in a couple of weeks or months we can reevaluate and see based on

Speaker 1  50:46  
I'm happy to add that maybe if that's the case it might be if that's the case maybe don't with that type yeah yeah yeah cool but yeah, that's that's absolutely fine. All

Speaker 3  51:11  
right,

Speaker 1  51:11  
good luck.

Joy Victoria  51:13  
All right, thank you. Thank you very much. Bye. Thank

Speaker 2  51:16  
you, guys. See ya.

Speaker 3  54:00  
I'm

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
