Joy Victoria  0:00  
Saying that earlier, our meeting with Liam, we had afternoon items, and I already added them to the tracker. Let's go ahead and maybe take a look, and let me know what you think, because I already like outlined exactly what we need to do, so Do some start dates here, starting with the quality call audit. So, here on, let me zoom in a little bit here on, sorry, July 18, so we're gonna be..

Sophia Arwae  0:44  
I'm sorry, you keep sounding like a little bit. I think it has something to do with the connection. I don't know. Oh, okay. Catch what you're saying.

Joy Victoria  0:52  
Yeah, yeah. Let me turn off my camera, just so you know things a little bit faster, and let me, my microphone, so it doesn't do like background noise clearing, so I already added what we need to do in terms of listening to, let's start with listening to onboarding or vetting calls, so we should be able to listen and then audit our consultants, and then gage them to see if we're going to retain or coach or replace, so that's added here, we just need to like maybe add a start date on when we should start doing that.

Sophia Arwae  1:48  
Let me just open up the email I sent to you about the timeline that I was kind of like planned about.

Joy Victoria  1:57  
Okay,

Sophia Arwae  1:58  
yeah, let me see what Okay, okay. So I think that should be on our third week,

Joy Victoria  2:10  
okay?

Sophia Arwae  2:11  
Listening to all consultant onboarding and voting call. Yep, so what I was planning, but I'm really open to suggestion as well. If you think the other way around would work better, then we can do that, but this is what I thought. I thought we maybe what we can do is just so that I know that you already have like a bit of understanding of how our company kind of like operate on a daily basis, but I want to, for you and me together, we go a little bit deep into deep, exactly, yeah, deeper of what, like what they are actually doing, like I know Lori is feeling shift, but I want you to also know how exactly does that work. So I want us to go into the team structure first, and what I mean by look into our team structure is kind of like see what are their job responsibilities at the moment, and then as I told you last week, if you remember, I kind of like feel as Liv said, we want to make sure that everyone in the team know exactly how to do each part of the company, but I also want them to have, like, to have their own area where they're really good at, so we look into the team structure first, see what they're doing, and see from that team structure if we need to revise it, or kind of like make a new

Joy Victoria  3:44  
one. Okay,

Sophia Arwae  3:44  
yep. And then let me see,

Joy Victoria  3:48  
yeah. So we already added here, so that's RT 13. So this is more of the structure review here, structure review and SOP revision, so it's like one whole project that, yeah, already started. Let me go ahead and do Joy and Sophia here. So already started with training last June 2, so it's ongoing, and I think the target date to complete the structure review and getting to know the business would be the end of this month, so that's june 27 and I think for this item we can go ahead and schedule time on the calendar on how you think I would best, or when we should do the actual structure review.

Sophia Arwae  4:52  
Let me, what about tomorrow? Sometime tomorrow.

Speaker 1  4:59  
Yeah, yeah, it's going to be

Sophia Arwae  5:00  
like the first one that we're going to review. It's really going to be a quick one for just like an old the arrow view of everything, so it's going to be a quick one. And then we'll just kind of like go a bit more deeper, and then we'll go deeper more when we kind of like do the shadow and observed the team.

Joy Victoria  5:22  
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I think structure review for tomorrow is great. Let me just add that to our calendars. Are you okay with, let's see.. Oh,

Sophia Arwae  5:34  
I'm okay anytime that work for you. I work until 5pm Melbourne time, so any hours during that time would be fine for me, because Mike will kind of like an admin class in the back, it doesn't really affect anything if we change it.

Joy Victoria  5:52  
Okay, so since my training ends at 1pm tomorrow, I think we have four hours of training. I'm going to go ahead and put an hour after that, so 1pm Melbourne to 2pm

Sophia Arwae  6:08  
Yeah, give your time some, give yourself some time to freshen up.

Joy Victoria  6:12  
Okay, let me do 1130

Sophia Arwae  6:14  
Yeah, I mean, you're going to be in a long meeting. We don't know how long our meeting's going to be, so give yourself some time to break.

Joy Victoria  6:23  
Excellent. Okay. Thank you. So, let me go ahead and do that. So, I sent you the schedule for it. That's the first thing that we're going to do, and that's actually here on this particular task right here. So, I think it's a separate one for we need to complete this first before the consultant or you know what I think I can do it like around the same time because if it's like call listening that will give me more like view of how they're really taking calls, yeah, yeah. So I can maybe we can maybe start this maybe an hour next week, so we can start.

Sophia Arwae  7:19  
Yep, I actually am, actually I get a message from Jane. I think you have initially had a meeting after this, but Jane told me that it might be a good idea, just so that I can walk you through those steps instead. So I'm going to be the one who walks you through the process of the onboarding, but just, I mean, do you want to do that with me or with Jane? I'm open to any. I understand if you want to do it with Jane, just so that you can have a little bit more insight to exactly what they're doing, but I can also walk you through that.

Joy Victoria  7:56  
Okay, I think I want to meet with both of you on that, because I think if you walk me through, that's how it should be done, and if she walks me through, I'm gonna like maybe check on some gaps in there, in terms of how they do things, so I think we're going to be doing both a letter, or what do you think would be the best way?

Sophia Arwae  8:28  
Yeah, I think, yeah, I agree. So, I think if you know it from me, it's coming from a perspective of an overview that I think this is how we should do things, but again, when put into practice, when we actually do that, or when Dan or the team doing it, it could be different. So, maybe, yeah, I think it's a good idea to instead have a separate meeting, because when we are in the same meeting together, it can create a little bit of conflicts, if that makes sense, and maybe, yeah, maybe she might potentially. I'm not saying that she would, but sometimes, like, some people tend to just agree with things that I say,

Joy Victoria  9:16  
yeah.

Sophia Arwae  9:17  
So I think what we'll do, I'm going to walk you through the structure that I think that's how it works with our team, but to go deeper in terms of how they delegate their tasks, how exactly they identify which task should be given to which consultant. I have Jane to walk you through that instead.

Joy Victoria  9:40  
Okay. Yes, please. I think that would be perfect, because I'm going to be like, actually, Jane, I have additional questions based on what Sophia discussed, and I think you're the perfect person to answer, so I think I can schedule another time with her after you walk me through, so we can do that, like maybe after we go down this list right here.

Sophia Arwae  10:05  
Okay, yeah,

Joy Victoria  10:07  
okay. And then we can start listening to the calls together, so that we can calibrate on, like, maybe a checklist on how them on the third week, right? So we can put a start date of the 15th here, all right, nice, and this one, it's the I think we can talk about this, not after after we do the classification, because this is already like a framework for vetting and onboarding calls for this one. Actually, I do have a question here, because Liam mentioned that we should all should also take into consideration before we add in the extra for our educators to check if it's profitable for us, so what's your suggestion on what numbers I should be looking at in order to, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  11:18  
right, so I, what I plan, I have a feeling, actually I could be wrong, that the other agency might actually pay our educator more than what we pay. So what happened is, if you remember, Liam said there is a base pay, right? So this base pay is actually set by children's services, so technically the government, and then we have to build RP, which is at this time it's only 10% but in the period of one to two years it's going to increase from 10 and like to 15, so that our educator pay is going to increase in this span two years, what we believe as a team before, which I come to realize that we might have been wrong all along. We believed that because we are all of the centers, eight centers that were working in South Australia, because they apply for the bill RP, therefore these educators that we have should already have a higher pay compared to any other agency, but the thing is, what if the other agency that's working with our educator, they also give the educator the bill RP with the higher base pay, if that makes sense. Yeah, so technically, after the WRP, our educators still receive more with them than us, but we thought we're giving them more because we're giving the WRP, but it's not only us that giving WRP, right? Another center is also giving that, so yes, before Liam, kind of like it's not only liande decision, I think it's collectively as a team decisions at that time that we're only going to give that's it, like base pay, the WRP to our educator, no extra pay, that's all we're going to give, but with the recent things that keep happening, I think it is a good idea to bring the base pay extra, and then the bill RP back.

Joy Victoria  13:25  
Okay, okay, okay. That's good. Do you have, like, a reference for me in order to check if this is going to be a profitable project for the company? Like, I'd like to see, like, maybe our financials to analyze that

Sophia Arwae  13:45  
I don't have it now, but I'm gonna ask our accounting team. She's like kind of like bookkeeping, and she only works on Friday, so I believe you're gonna get that report on Friday with us. What I'm going to ask her is, I think Liam has mentioned this with you before, that we actually make less money with Edge compared to the other centers, like we give them the very low pay rate, the low rate, and then the margins is kind of like a little bit low, for example, if we work with Edge, we might have made $10 out of one hour, but if we work with another center in Victoria, for example, we could have made 20, right? So, yes, we really want to look into that first before we confirm this. So I'm going to ask Nancy first to show me what's the pay rate that we're currently offering at, and how much do we actually make out of it? And then we'll decide if this would be profitable for us.

Joy Victoria  14:49  
Okay, so this is going to be a pending item, because we need that information first.

Sophia Arwae  14:55  
Allow me to use my phone, I'm just going to take note here.

Joy Victoria  14:58  
Oh, I'll give you a summary, since I have my recording, and I'll share the recording with you too. So, okay.

Speaker 1  15:05  
Thank you

Joy Victoria  15:06  
for you. Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  15:08  
yeah, and I take note on my debt.

Joy Victoria  15:14  
Okay. All right. So, for this one, Liam mentioned earlier, like a referral incentive program, because when we do lead discovery, when we speak with them, I think it's good, like if they mentioned some other educators, or they can maybe refer for them to have, like, a fee of some sort, but I think this can wait. I think this is something that it's not a high priority right now, but I still added it there because I think it's worth king. Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:50  
it is. Yep.

Joy Victoria  15:52  
And then, okay, so this one comes after we listen to consultant calls, and we classify them whether we should keep train or replace, so the training after that, that project is already noted here, so that we can go back to this after RT 18 is done. Done, and then we also have the afternoon space, so this is something that I'd like for you to discuss with me more, like what time is it the afternoon? Okay, yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  16:38  
so the thing is, actually, Adrian is currently doing afternoon, so we have two main shifts. The first shift is what Laurie is doing 6am until 2pm moment time, and then Adrian and Vicky, which is the main two people who do the afternoon, they start at 11 o'clock until 7pm and that is the exact same time the onboarding team is working as well. I think I believe I actually want to discuss this with you first before we bring this with Liam. From Liam's perspective, he believe that what the position that Jane is right now, I would say it's kind of like an onboarding manager, because it's Jane who delegate tasks to the onboarding team on what they need to do on a daily basis, or what tasks they should be responsible for, it's Jane who's doing the onboarding report, so I don't think Liam actually understand what she's responsible for on a daily basis from my perspective. After being in different positions in the company in the company, I think whatever Jane is doing now can be given to Adrian in the terms of she just have to delegate tasks to the team, she don't actually have to do the onboarding, if that makes sense to you.

Joy Victoria  18:12  
Yeah, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  18:14  
So I, I'm thinking because we're gonna visit the team structure, and as I told you, with the current team structure that we're working on at the moment, that wouldn't be possible for Adrian to manage that, but once we revise everything, and then we take some of the job responsibility that doesn't mean to be for Adrian anymore, there would be space for Adrian to do what Gain is doing now after all, most of the things that the quality agent is our QA manager. What agent is doing 80% of the time is just to recheck the onboarding things or onboarding related, so I think she would do great with that. I still going to be in the afternoon as a support, because I'm kind of like I work 9o'clock until 5pm so I'm kind of like in the middle of everything. If morning team needs support, I'm going to be there, and if Adrian happened to need support anytime, then I'm still going to be there. I think it's still a good idea for me to be in these positions or working at this time, because I noticed that Lori might need support from time to time, and taking me off and work at a different hour might create some pressure for them too. So, yeah, I'm thinking to, yeah, first we review Adrian's structure, see what she's responsible at the moment, and take some off. We talk to Jane to actually understand what she's doing on a daily basis. As I told you, she delegates tasks to our consultant, and then she does the monthly report for the team, I mean, for the onboarding team, but of course that's what I think there could be more that I'm not aware. So we're going to talk to Jen first, and if it's okay, we'll take that responsibility and give to Adrian and remove some of her current responsibility out. Okay. Yep, but in terms of us, if you're happy, I think we should work alongside each other with the same time, and then, so therefore, if there's something that we need to discuss, some, if we have to hop on a meeting and work on a project together, it would be better for us to, you know, stay on the same hour.

Joy Victoria  20:39  
Okay. Yeah, and definitely, that's like those are the times where support is needed anyway.

Speaker 1  20:47  
Yeah,

Joy Victoria  20:48  
so okay, so that's noted, and yeah, we can maybe present that back to Liam on our next meeting, so I'll take a note of that, and

Sophia Arwae  21:04  
but what do you think about that? Do you think it is something, would something that would work in terms of presentation? Do you think that would work?

Joy Victoria  21:14  
That is actually the step I would like to go to at the moment, because, like, you said, I'm not yet familiar with this business, it's just my second week, and,

Sophia Arwae  21:28  
of course,

Joy Victoria  21:29  
and I really need to know the ins and outs, so unfortunately, it's really time being in the trenches that would help me do that, and you guiding me. I need you there. I mean, I can't. We don't need you to

Sophia Arwae  21:49  
win each other at this time.

Joy Victoria  21:51  
We don't, I mean, amp, we can't be separated for now. So I think,

Sophia Arwae  21:56  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  21:57  
in Liam's mind this would work in the long term, probably like maybe in, yeah, in three six months' time or something, but for now we really need to work alongside each other. That's what I think,

Sophia Arwae  22:13  
yeah, yeah, yeah. I think Leaves' suggestion for me to go in the PM time, it just because when we go over the team meeting and talk about what our struggle or the team struggle at the moment is mainly about the task that we have to handle, like there's a lot of inbound call in the afternoon, there's a lot of email, there's a lot of this and that, while they also have the other job responsibility that they have to do, so I think, yeah, the best way to fix this is just to look into their structure, and then we'll take out some of the responsibility, because some of the things that was included there doesn't have to be there.

Joy Victoria  22:57  
Okay, perfect. So I think that is, that is great. I'm going to go ahead and note that I should review, like, the current team structure based on the resources that I have at the moment, so that I'm prepared before our meeting tomorrow, and I think that's great for us to just revisit the team structure, and then really I feel like on that meeting tomorrow we'd be able to really put on some action items as well on the job responsibilities, have those, and I think by the end of the week or early next week we can have that finalized and we can propose

Sophia Arwae  23:46  
it

Joy Victoria  23:46  
to Liam, so yeah, I think I think that's it for my list, I think I did not ask add the calls that we're supposed to be making yet I need to know more about that. Actually, can you tell me more about,

Sophia Arwae  24:03  
yeah, of course. But before we go over that, I'm thinking that maybe on our project I actually have to add one more, but I'm just going to add that myself. But I'll keep you in the loop, okay? Because remember about the child safety training that I need the team help to call educator. There's another project would also require them to call the educators as well, but I'll add them on the list, and then I'll let you know. Okay, so that you can just kind of like do the follow up if need

Joy Victoria  24:35  
to. Okay, yeah, just let me know, because I already added like the you See,

Sophia Arwae  24:43  
and there should be more to remember about the email that Liam shared, screen the email that I sent to management team that you was not included at that time yet.

Joy Victoria  24:53  
Exactly, sorry,

Sophia Arwae  24:56  
there is some job responsibility or some task that was agreed on, and just to give you a bit of an insight, when it comes to communication with the team, I think it is always best to send them an email after you discuss anything at all. Sometimes I notice that things can be mixed between conversations, and that's why I start sending the summary of the meeting.

Joy Victoria  25:27  
Yeah, that's actually a very good practice.

Sophia Arwae  25:30  
Yeah,

Joy Victoria  25:30  
that's that's very good. It keeps accountability as well. What was mentioned during the meeting, so that's great. And this tracker just adds to that, because we have, like, a source of truth that we can always go back to, you know, tracking what they mentioned. So, I just feel free to add them down

Sophia Arwae  25:53  
here. Yep. And this 1am, I allowed to? Oh, wait, so this is just for us, you, Liam, and I, right?

Joy Victoria  26:02  
Yes.

Sophia Arwae  26:03  
Okay. Yeah, I think this is it's better this way. All good. It just for us to track. Is there a way for us to add a task for our team, like just so that they're aware? Do you think Clickup is still an option?

Joy Victoria  26:19  
Clickup is still an option for now, because we have tasks in there, right, and we get notifications whenever tasks are assigned, so I think we can just keep that for now, and the reminders through Clickup as well. If you add like a due date on the task, they'll always be reminded, so I think we can keep click up for now, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  26:44  
All good, Ben. All right, all good from me about the project. I think, do you have any questions at all in terms of the project? If not, then we can just go to this one. Yeah,

Joy Victoria  26:56  
yeah, no other questions. We can start here,

Sophia Arwae  27:00  
like, okay. I think, wait, let me have a quick look into the record again. Sorry, I'm losing my iPad because my MacBook died, and the screen was a bit small.

Joy Victoria  27:12  
Yeah, imagine I can imagine. I mean, it's defined on your iPad versus

Sophia Arwae  27:21  
I don't have a good eyes star performer, okay. So I think what you have done in this report is kind of like categorize them into, you know, p1 p2 p3 This first in the p1 is a star performer. This, I think, this based on the number of shifts they have completed, the lower cancelations rate, but

Joy Victoria  27:53  
yeah, this is Liam's file. So this out,

Sophia Arwae  27:57  
you've, you've generated for him.

Joy Victoria  28:00  
No, he did this himself.

Sophia Arwae  28:03  
Oh, really? No, I thought he said you did it for him. I mean, the IT team, you've..

Joy Victoria  28:11  
oh, maybe the IT team, because what I did for him was like a competitor analysis.

Sophia Arwae  28:18  
Oh, okay, yeah, it's the IT team.

Joy Victoria  28:21  
Yeah, it's it.

Sophia Arwae  28:22  
Let me see, the things that was not included in here is the ban list. So, in our portal, they have the center have the ability to ban people if they don't like them. So, for example, can you scroll back to me at p1 please?

Joy Victoria  28:41  
Okay. yep.

Sophia Arwae  28:43  
Do you see the name on row 17, Duck and Deep Chukha? I don't believe he should be here. He was banned at different centers, so when you do this, I think he only considered the shift completion, the completed shift cancel rate, and the last minute shift that they have accepted. Is she a good educator? She does help us in terms of field bookings, but is she a good performer based on the center's feedback and different center has banned her. I do not think that she's a good performer. So, what I think we should do first, I'm going to clone this this sheet, and then we're going to use that as our own sheet. We're going to add another tab there at the end. I'm going to add the band list tab, which I'm gonna go and count how many centers have banned these educators before we start calling them.

Joy Victoria  29:49  
Okay, why not just do it here? I mean, we can maybe duplicate. I can duplicate this tab on that. Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  29:58  
yep, I'm not sure if I'm still gonna use it, but yeah, I think we can, and then we just lock it and have,

Joy Victoria  30:05  
yeah, we do, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  30:08  
well, let's do that,

Joy Victoria  30:10  
yeah, just so he has a view that we're doing something here too, yep, so I duplicated it, and I'm gonna protect the sheet,

Sophia Arwae  30:22  
yes. It

Joy Victoria  30:23  
just gives you set permissions for both of us,

Speaker 1  30:28  
okay?

Joy Victoria  30:35  
Oh, you've rod, just the, you've rod is the owner of the file,

Speaker 1  30:38  
yeah. So I'll add Pew,

Speaker 1  30:44  
Sophia,

Joy Victoria  30:46  
and me.

Sophia Arwae  30:47  
Have you met him before?

Joy Victoria  30:50  
Yeah, I've met him, and I was actually kind of our first meeting, he was like around 1520 minutes late, so

Speaker 1  31:01  
well, you, what did you do?

Joy Victoria  31:06  
I was like waiting for him, and I wanted to ask him a lot of questions, but he didn't give me the opportunity. But yeah, that was my first interaction.

Sophia Arwae  31:20  
Yeah, he's sometimes like that. I didn't really have much interaction with him, but you know, just sometimes. But he's the CEO of the IT company that we are using, but mostly when we work on some update, or let's say if we found any error on our portal or app, and we need someone to fix it. Then we'll have his team working on it, and his team name is Print, and that would be the person we interact most with.

Joy Victoria  31:53  
Oh, I messed up here. I changed the restrictions, and yeah, yeah, but it's okay. I requested the access again, okay?

Sophia Arwae  32:08  
Yep, okay, that's okay. I'll do that. Actually, I'm doing kind of like finalizing our monthly report today, but after that I'm going to work on that sheet. What I think, so with that, Liam wants us to kind of like call those educators the star performer when we are really sure already that they are actually the star, then we can kind of like call the check first, how many shifts a day that they're doing with us. If it's like two days a week or three days a week, maybe there is area for us to find out if they're working somewhere else. Yeah, like why? What happened? Mostly this is what I, this is what I understand so far, by working in the morning, some of the educators, they're not like local in terms of like they're not based in Australia before they migrated from different areas, and therefore when their partner is away working, they are responsible to the household, like the kids and all of the stuff, so some educators only available on a certain date because someone like is taking care of their like children and some of the educator have need to get their husband to drop off and stuff so yeah it could be a trend but of course there could be another reason as well, but yeah, so we're going to find out first what before we call them. It, I don't think it's a good idea now to track how many shifts they're doing a week, because by that time when we start calling, the number could have been increased or it could have been dropped. So we should do that when we actually start calling them on that same spot, because it's just going to be easy. Just going to use the name, check on the portal, see how many shifts they have on that particular week. If there are, they have less shift accepted, then we can ask them to see what's the reason of it. What happened? I also have another sheet that I create. I asked Prince to create it with the data of how many shifts they completed in September, how many in October, how many in November. Then you can kind of like see the number keep dropping, and those are the educators that I think it is very interesting to call them and find out what happened, because I have this one educator, she accepted like many shifts back in August, oh, sorry, September last year, and then she stopped accepting shift, I think, around November or at the end of October. So, I see I found that very interesting metric, and I'm going to share that sheet with you too, but I just want to make sure first that everything is actually correct. So, what I think we should be asking them is first we need to understand their trend of accepting shift first, and therefore we can ask them. You just kind of like if we interact with them on how have they been so far, maybe we can use that as an opportunity to ask them about the feedback that they have for us as well, you know, maybe the feedback could be around like, hey, your shift is too far, your shift is like you have less shift, and then maybe they can, they would tell us that you have left you compared to other agencies that I'm working with, stuff like that, and that is great opportunity for us to kind of like collect this information and discuss within our team later, so yeah, first we want to reengage with them, kind of like have them to engage with us more, and then find out why have they stopped accepting shift, or why are they only working three days a week? Are they available for any other days, and stuff like that, and then if they are happened, or they happen to working somewhere else, then we also want to find out, is that a full-time position, or that's like a casual or agency, like us, because some of our educators, they have a full-time job that's only required them to work three days a week, and they would choose another two days to work casually with us, that could be the case too, but we want to find that out. We don't want to assume things, and we just want to get the confirmation from them.

Sophia Arwae  37:05  
So I think I'm going to come up with the list of questions that I want to ask them today, and then I'll share that with you too. And if you want to add something, then you can add that, and then we see if we.. I don't really like to have a course script, because somehow it will force us to.. it's like you already get the script. Why would I think of my own thing to talk, but maybe I'll create one, just so that we can have a guideline at first, but let's try not to use that. I mean, honestly, I used to follow the script a lot when I first started, and then there's one day when I feel like, you know, what, I don't want to sound like a robot anymore, so I just be myself and call someone, and I actually get a compliment for that. I remember I talked to someone named Irene, and I was like, oh yeah, okay, so no script, then

Joy Victoria  38:06  
yeah, yeah, I think that's better too, because the script is just there as a guide, and ultimately I think we're calling them to gather data, and for me that's one of my strengths in making sure that we come up with actionable items that are, you know, based on actual data. So, when we start calling, I feel like we should have a tracker on categorizing some items. So, let's start with the script that you come up with, because that gives me an idea of what we need to find out, and later on, instead of I like things to be easy for you and for me too, of course. So, what I do is I tend to come up with some automated systems to make things easier, it's you know, things that are not that complex, just stuff that. So, if these calls are recorded, it can actually, you know, pull out, so that you can concentrate really on the call and not really type and track everything and think about categorizing stuff. So, the transcript from the calls that we'll be making, we can come up with a system, so that the data that comes out of the calls that we'll be making would have a concrete report and say, hey, you know what, this is the main reason that they moved, or this is the main reason that they were staying with the other agency, this is the main reason why they left us 82% of them, you know, actual numbers. So, yeah, I think a good start would be the script, so I know exactly where we're going to start with. Then I can start building that system for us, so that the recording and the transcripts can just come in data out of that. Oh yeah, so I think, do you think I should? I think I should add that in the project, right? Us making those outbound calls. When do you think would we should we start on that, because you'll be pulling in the band information first,

Sophia Arwae  40:26  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  40:27  
and yeah, I think after that we can do calls already, right?

Sophia Arwae  40:33  
Yep, I think what would be ideal for for myself, because I kind of like still need to finalize our monthly report of May next week. Let's do it next week, but not on Monday. Let's do it on Tuesday, because the reason for that is on Monday things tend to be busy in terms of morning and then afternoon as well. It's like people just get back to work, people get calling our company, and then if we make this call, there is 60% chances that they are not going to answer on the first spot, and they might give us a call back, and it might create traffic for the inbound. So, I think Monday is not ideal. Let's do it on Tuesday.

Joy Victoria  41:17  
Okay, so let me add that to our tracker, and then I'll put a start date of Tuesday. Yep, perfect. Actually, those are all my questions. If you'd like to maybe start talking me through on the onboarding process, or yeah, you can go there.

Sophia Arwae  41:34  
Sure, so with our onboarding process at this time, let me just start, let's let me pretend that I'm an educator going through the onboarding process. The things at this time is we have the application, I think you might have seen that from Jane Training, so it's the applications where they have to install in their phone first. Once they open the app, they'll be able to register themselves by putting their name, phone number, and then email address, and then they will get a code, kind of like verification code, to their email. Once they put them in, they will successfully create their account, and from there they will start filling in their information, like address, banking details, taxations details at references, and then add document, but during this step they, they will get sent an email. It's automate it, the video interview email. So our ideal process is we want them to complete the video interview first. After they complete the video interview, then we call them, and what we use as a vetting call, like we call them to do the vetting call. It is much easier to do that after educator complete the video interview, because the video interview would give them, would give us a bit insight about who they are, how long have they worked, and then instead of starting the call from scratch, we already have some kind of information that we just need to go deeper, but that's the problem. The video interview is the problem, because not many people complete that.

Joy Victoria  43:26  
Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  43:28  
I would say out of 100 people that register with us, I'll just give 20 or 30% of those that actually complete the video interview. My, my number could be wrong, but it won't go over 50 or even 40, it's less than that. So that it's something that delayed the onboarding process. So, instead of doing, instead of our team waiting for video interview first, and then call to do the vetting, we actually started calling them to do the waiting call first, and then push them to do the video interview.

Joy Victoria  44:07  
Okay. Yep.

Sophia Arwae  44:09  
And on our system at this time, the status, in terms of the onboarding status, it isn't that clear. Like, we have the first status is what we call waiting call, and then we have IP or in progress.

Joy Victoria  44:27  
Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  44:28  
and then we have a waiting activation. So, for example, it's gonna sound a bit confusing, because, for example, let's say you register with us, you completed your video interview, and if I call you to do the vetting call, and then you don't answer my, my call, or whatever, your status is going to remain in vetting core. You're only going to get pushed to in progress if your video interview and waiting call is complete.

Joy Victoria  45:04  
Okay,

Sophia Arwae  45:04  
yep. But I'm thinking in the future, if we're going to revise it, we should have a very clear, like, waiting call complete, waiting for the video interview, stuff like that. But yeah, the current process is like that. As soon as you complete your video interview and waiting call with our consultant, you get pushed to in progress. So, in progress is what we are waiting for educator to upload a certain document or their references. So, this just these two things with document, most of the educators that we on board, the document is the easiest part, because even though they just graduate, they had completed their placement before, and the placement required them to have 80% identical documents than what we need them to have.

Joy Victoria  46:00  
Okay, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  46:00  
so that is the easiest part, and then the another part that's actually delaying us is the reference checks, so the reference check is is delaying because we only require them to nominate an official details, so if you nominate someone, they also have to be working in a higher position. So, two requirements for references has to be someone that works in a higher position than assistant educator, start from ECT, room leader, or educational leader, and then so on. And then, with the email, we don't accept personal email at all. We only accept email that comes with their domain name, yeah, or the work email. Some educator would.. I don't think they claim.. I think that's true. Like, imagine a small childcare centers where they don't have much budget, they might have their official main email that director would have access to, but then the other staff member use their own email as a professional email, in a sense that they actually use that to communicate their work and stuff, so for our educator, like, hey, that is the official email for them, you know, and then when we respond to their, the email that the educators send in, like, 'Hey, no, I mean, that is out there, official email for the reference. We kind of like need to go back and forth sometime. The educator call in, sometime we have to call the educator, like, 'Hey, the email that you added on your profile is not correct, we need this and that, and sometimes it doesn't take just one call, it's keep going, it's like one call, another one for in the next two days, the educator email us, we need to respond to the email, it's create a lot more workflow, so what Liam suggest, and that used to be what I did as well is that we only get the center's name, and then if we Google the center's name, we obviously going to get the official phone number that we can call, and if we click on their website, then we of course could have the official work email as well, and Liam suggests that we, that instead of us calling the educator, like, 'Hey, can you confirm your reference official email? Then, after that call, the educator has to call their reference to confirm that again. It's like many calls has to be made just so that we can confirm the official email, which doesn't make sense. What we can do instead, we can just call the center, like, 'Hey, we have this person, blah blah blah. We're currently onboarding them, they add one of your team members, Joy, for example, as their reference. I'm wondering if I can have a quick chat with Joy, and that's it. That's, and you know, we can invest the time where we have to reach out to the educator to just call the center instead, and the onboarding process could have been a lot more easier. However, the problem at this time is going to be honest, we can't do that yet, because everyone has everything on their plate. If you're going to ask people, our team to do that for most of the educators, you're going to, you're not going to have a good reaction back. So, yeah, and the thing is, not many of our team can actually do that, I, for example, I would, I believe, and confident that there's only three who can do that, is myself, Jane, and an agent who can do it, and we have been doing that for quite some time, but the rest, I don't think I'm not yet comfortable for them to do that, and also I don't think that they would be confident to do that as well.

Joy Victoria  50:08  
Okay,

Sophia Arwae  50:09  
yeah, yeah, so that is an issue that is where

Joy Victoria  50:13  
that is it comes with

Sophia Arwae  50:19  
lack of confidence, and that it comes with, we have this thing in the, in our team culture, where I feel like when it has to be center related, it's a center related call. Most people don't want to do it, because they feel like it's a hardcore to make, which I don't understand where it's coming from, maybe it's coming from the fact that they think that they need to manage kind of a certain relationship with the center and a lot of our team members is scared to make mistake and therefore they don't want to do it at all.

Joy Victoria  51:07  
Okay, okay, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  51:09  
And I think that is something we need together. We need to fix it.

Joy Victoria  51:16  
Yeah, because actually just to share with you some of my experiences, right? I kind of can't wrap my head around it, because if representatives are already making calls, all they have to do is be trained on what maybe to say or what the goal is on making you know these outbound calls with the centers and then just get the information that's needed and that's it because you know they can converse on the phone and that's all they need so I think what would just based on my experience you know. Sorry about the dogs. Let me,

Speaker 1  52:05  
I have a cat.

Joy Victoria  52:06  
Those are not even my dogs, those are the neighbors' dogs, and it's just, man, that's why I use, like, a like this noise canceller thing.

Sophia Arwae  52:20  
No, I'm fine.

Speaker 1  52:22  
Okay,

Sophia Arwae  52:25  
but yeah, I mean to be fair, for the team as well, we haven't, for the new team member, like the team member that was on board at the same time as Donna, they haven't been trained about that yet, and when I say most of our team is not confident to do that. It's like the old team member, like, doesn't include Donna and the other, the other four team members, and to be

Joy Victoria  52:51  
fair, they're just pushing back and just saying that,

Sophia Arwae  52:54  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  52:55  
they can't do it. Oh, yeah, confident they can do it, they're just maybe making reasons, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  53:00  
not to do it, yeah, sometimes you have to push to do that, and I feel like I'm a bit sometimes to push people, but if you don't push them, they're not going to do it, and it is for their own best interest as well, you know, because we, when you, I don't know when they do that, I feel like, yeah, the thing is, our team is scared of challenge, like they see challenge as something that triggers them instead of something that they use for motivations. That's what I believe, because when we have a few manage team meeting, management meeting. When Liam asked a certain question, and if you're comfortable to do this and that, and that Liam always get frustrated with the outcome of the answer, and I understand him in that, in that positions I would too be frustrated, you know. So, yeah, I think that is a big issue for us. We have to do some work around on how are we going to train our team, including the new four consultants, all of all of them. How do we train them to do the reference headco gaps first? How do we encourage them to actually want to do that, you know, you can force people to do that, but then you have to accept that they're just going to do the core in the sake of completing

Joy Victoria  54:35  
it. Yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  54:36  
that's what we don't want, right? I think we have to come up with some kind of training, and then some encouragement that they can do it, and they have

Joy Victoria  54:47  
to do it. I think it's a basic expectation, right? And I think right now I can see that the gap is leadership, because I was thinking about this process earlier during training with Jane, so she was teaching us how to do reference checks, and the way that she taught it was the first step is always just making sure that the email is a valid work email, and yes, just send email, it feels like the approach, like from a leader's perspective, is always like less interaction through the phones as much as you can, if you, you know, can just do it through email to make it easier for the onboarding, but I feel like if Jane herself, or any whoever is the leader still to be of the onboarding team when we do our restructure says that hey guys, this is what you should do, the team follow it, it's more of just the authoritative view, you know, not just telling them what to do, but also explaining why we should do that, and it's for the betterment of the company, and if they see that right, and if they see that we're supporting them, don't worry, guys, we're going to train you on this, we're going to empower you with the tools and the abilities and the skills for you to be able to do this, and then explaining that you know the training is a whole other conversation, because there's a whole other process for, you know, for training to be really effective, and then you know they just go through that training, and then

Speaker 1  56:36  
yeah, that's the thing to

Joy Victoria  56:37  
do, it, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  56:38  
that's the thing, when you go over that training, it's like you already have this mind of, yeah, that's what we do, and yeah, when we keep that mind, I mean, I don't blame, I don't blame anyone, I don't blame the consultant who has that mindset, I'm just saying that because they have that mindset, and if they carried on working with them, it's hard to switch it, you know, because now that you're gonna add this step, they're gonna think, ah, you're adding more work, some kind of this stuff. So, yeah, we need to change that kind of workflow and make them understand of why we're doing this. When we say that we want to interact, everything is easier through email. It's not easier. We have to chase the educator many times. We could have reduced that, and actually, yeah, I never thought of that until Liam mentioned it. I said, 'Oh, yeah, that makes sense. Why would we call educators three times so that the educator can call their reference for three times just to get the email that we could have get by ourselves. Yeah, exactly.

Joy Victoria  57:46  
Yeah, that's right. And I can already think of, like, a system for us to verify, so that we don't have to manually go through the website of, you know, their centers already, because I've built like a system before that verifies the phone number and then email addresses of people within a company. Yeah, let's go ahead and try to test that out, and maybe have you know, have that discussion when we do our restructuring and SOP review. Yeah, there are a lot of, there are a lot of movements that we can do here, yeah. Just so you

Sophia Arwae  58:23  
know, that in Australia we have this, this website, which we call a sequel. Have you, are you familiar like that? Yeah, so yeah, it's kind of like the website where it store the qualifications code, where which code is eligible to work in childcare, and then the racial number. Remember when Liam said, if you have five students in the room, how many educators in this level and that level you need? That can be found on a C class as well. Another thing that can be found on a C class is the center official email, and then phone number, because every center's required to update that I mean some centers forget to update their official details on their website, but they can't forget to update a sequel, if that makes sense. Yes,

Joy Victoria  59:15  
that makes sense. So we can just use some steps on that automation in the future to check a sequel first, and then check their website second. You know those kinds of things. You can automate, we can automate this, even the qualifications, because if all the information is available on site, I can actually have that scraped from the web, and then have it, you know, analyzed by AI on a specific table, maybe a clay table or something like that, but yeah, I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's go ahead and tell you after the referrals, but I'm very excited, because there's a lot of improvements that need to be done, and once we have maybe a couple of things implemented, you guys would be able to see how it helps the company a lot, so yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:00:14  
of course, I'm too excited with that to work along this step with you, so yeah, those are the two things that actually delaying our process, so video interview, and then the reference check. There's nothing we can do for the video interview, it's either we convince them and they do it, or they don't do it at all, but there is one suggestion that we can do in terms of the video interview is that I'm not sure if Jane has walked you through the process of how the video interview looked like, but to give you insight,

Joy Victoria  1:00:50  
we've already watched some video interviews, and we did some notes earlier within an activity where we watch a video interview and did some notes on it, and then practice a vetting call on it,

Sophia Arwae  1:01:02  
yeah. On the educators' end, I tried to register myself as an educator before you just received an email reminding yourself to do the video interview and instruction on, like, okay, please be in a quiet area, blah blah blah, but the questions that will be asked in the video interview was not given, and I understand in some sense we shouldn't be giving that question questions yet, but the video interview, the way that work is it's a one sitting system, like if you start recording, that's all you have. You have only 10 seconds to read the questions, process your thought, and then answer the questions,

Joy Victoria  1:01:49  
which is managed by our IT, the

Sophia Arwae  1:01:56  
our IT can help in terms of the email that is sent out, or not sure if you're aware of this already. We have the new team member, her name is Jamima, I think she got higher email, yeah, maybe

Joy Victoria  1:02:13  
she does something different, it's email marketing, I think, for her,

Sophia Arwae  1:02:17  
yeah, but I think Liam mentioned that she could help in terms of the email with the interactions on the onboarding process, but if not, we'll come up with that. My suggestion is only that we include those five questions that the educators gonna be asked into the email, so therefore they kind of like, can prepare themselves, you know. After all, the only purpose for us to have the video interview, in terms of the business wise, is so that we can check the education communication skill, and then their grooming, and how they present themselves, and that video interview is going to be showed on their account to the centers when they accept the shift as well.

Joy Victoria  1:03:05  
Okay, yeah. Oh, I have another idea, because actually, for video interviews, and this is just me, like, if we include the questions on an email, it's kind of like for me, I haven't seen that before, like, in any, like, you know, whenever there's sort of a video question and answer, it should be like at the time that they're doing it, so maybe one of my suggestions would be, you know, just to keep that authenticity for the educator, but one of the things that I've seen, though, that could maybe work. The reason why I asked if it does that is because I've seen video interviews that can be redone by themselves, so instead of it being one take like per question, it gives you an option to review your recording, and if you want to retake it, so it's like,

Sophia Arwae  1:04:20  
you know what, let's do some testing. I have it in my email here, but, oh yeah, wait, you know what? I don't think they have the options to review. They might have the option to review, they might, they will not 100% have the option to edit it,

Joy Victoria  1:04:37  
to redo it, because I've seen some videos, and they're kind of, they feel like they cut, they're cut short, and then they kind of like want to redo it, right? You can feel it on the video, that, hey, you know what, I want to say something more, or I want to maybe like do, can redo it, right? I like that, yeah, yeah, this is

Sophia Arwae  1:05:02  
what we can bring up to Liam, because it's Liam who managed, I mean, in terms of the contract with the high, because we use High Flicks, and I believe it's Liam who handled them, so maybe, yeah,

Joy Victoria  1:05:19  
oh, okay, you know what? If, if Liam introduces me to our account manager with Hire Flicks, I can have asked them to do it, because I've worked with, like, companies like Fireflix before, not specifically Hire Flicks, but companies like Fireflix, and all you have to do is just like your account manager. No, actually, here's what we need, and then we can test it and have that done, because Liam has a lot on his plate. I mean,

Sophia Arwae  1:05:49  
yeah, let him. Yeah, I know. You know what? Let's bring this up to Liam, because, yeah, I was before I take myself out of the inbound call, I do receive some call, like, let's say, "Hey, you know what? I didn't really have some educator that don't know that the recording is only like one question for what, for one minute. So, like, yeah, I was still thinking, yeah, I was still thinking, and I cannot answer the questions, and then when I review their video, it's like they're actually thinking like they just froze, and then kind of like read things, which is totally understandable. You need some time to think, like, yeah, I think that's a good idea. We give them the access to review their video interview first, see if they're satisfied with their answer. If yes, then they can hit the final submit. If not, then they can have the option to review that.

Joy Victoria  1:06:46  
Okay, I want to be a little aggressive on this, because you know, I think it's for the betterment of onboarding in the company. So, I'm gonna now just, if he, if you're okay, I'm gonna send a message to Liam, and then let him know, because, because my, my email is already at raw talent.com.au and sometimes if these companies, you reach out to them, and they see that, okay, you're from the company, and then you're asking for these changes, you know, I think they, they're just going to go ahead and do it, so I'm going to ask Liam if he's okay for me to reach out to Hire Flicks. Yep, all we have to do is just go to their website and then send them a message there. But you

Sophia Arwae  1:07:31  
know what, I received that email before, I mean, not on my email, on the contact at Rower Talent Email. Let me see if I can put it

Joy Victoria  1:07:38  
okay,

Sophia Arwae  1:07:40  
because there was some kind of like issue with their website last month and they kind of like sent us something, let me see

Joy Victoria  1:07:56  
where do you think it's best to contact Liam? Should I create a group chat for us in WhatsApp or in Slack, or both? Yeah, Leo, like with the three of

Sophia Arwae  1:08:10  
us. Let's do on Slack. We used to use WhatsApp before, and it kind of like it kind of like backing, I think, our personal life as well,

Speaker 1  1:08:22  
yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:08:22  
yeah, they're just used in Slack, so everything is there if you need anything, yeah, please keep me in the loop as well when you get a chance to email High Flip, but yeah, I think that's a great suggestion, I'm sorry, give me a second, I just need to open the door for my friend. Sorry, and the door is just right here. No

Joy Victoria  1:08:46  
problem. I'm just creating our group chat here

Speaker 1  1:08:49  
again.

Joy Victoria  1:08:51  
Okay, so this is to Liam, and then to you, okay, so so hi Liam Sophia and I are currently in a meeting, and one of the right now pass that we can do at the normal is reach out to Fireflix to allow our applicants, is it applicants?

Sophia Arwae  1:09:36  
Yes, all candidates

Joy Victoria  1:09:37  
or candidates. Okay, to allow our candidates to start, does it allow you when to start, like the start button to record, or does it automatically record after the question?

Sophia Arwae  1:09:54  
Oh, let me show you, though, just so that you can have more insight. Let me find from talent. Doesn't give me, let me send an in the video invite on the portal again, but it's something like you click the link, and then you get the video, kind of like an interview, like, 'Hey, welcome to our talent, this is what you're gonna need to do this and that, and then they once that video end, there is a button, like I believe it says start, and if you hit start, then it starts recording.

Joy Victoria  1:10:45  
Okay, okay. So, okay, yeah, that's all I needed. So it's just to review the recording and option to submit or redo the video, so they have, so they have that option. So, hi Liam, Sophia, and our, we believe that this would, okay, you know what I'm gonna say based on some videos I reviewed and some educators that Sophia has spoken with, they actually think and doing this cuts down on back and forth for completing video, what do you call them, video applications,

Sophia Arwae  1:12:07  
video interview,

Joy Victoria  1:12:08  
video, video interviews. Okay, so I've created our group chat. Please feel free to add anything there on what I said.

Sophia Arwae  1:12:20  
Let me share, let me check on here.

Joy Victoria  1:12:21  
Sorry,

Speaker 1  1:12:36  
yep, I think that's so

Joy Victoria  1:12:39  
okay. Perfect.

Sophia Arwae  1:12:41  
Hey. yes, yeah, that's one thing we can work on now. And then, for the reference check, we'll get, because based on our last meeting with Liam and the all of management, it seems like Liam is going to be the person to think and revise the reference checks form. I think what we'll do, we give Liam until this Friday. I don't want to follow up yet, because he kind of like have to visit centers, and they probably a lot of pressure already. Yeah, on Friday, maybe we follow up with him, and then we suggest that, hey, if you don't have time, then perhaps we can come up with our own version, so that we can review together. I have done the reference check.

Joy Victoria  1:13:29  
Haven't added that here. Okay, let me add that check form.

Sophia Arwae  1:13:36  
Don't add that yet. I'm actually have to remember the email that Liam show you that is one of the content there, I'm gonna go reread that. All

Speaker 1  1:13:45  
right,

Sophia Arwae  1:13:46  
yeah. So I'm

Joy Victoria  1:13:47  
sorry,

Sophia Arwae  1:13:50  
I love how proactive you are.

Joy Victoria  1:13:51  
Okay, but

Speaker 1  1:13:53  
I just know, let's do

Joy Victoria  1:13:55  
this, let's do this,

Sophia Arwae  1:13:56  
let's do it now, let's fix it. But yeah, I have done some reference check from the other company, like our educators start looking for another job, they nominate me as their reference, so I'm thinking there is the reference check form where you actually have to answer the questions, while our reference check is just yes and no, this or that, you know, it's one way or another. It's very.. it doesn't really give much of information, in the sense of if our goal is to onboard a really good educator, that reference text form that we received doesn't really help us that much to identify them, so I think we might have to come up with new questions that actually force the reference to actually answer that, instead of just yes and no, and maybe, and if the reference check form might take them some time. Again, we're going to call them most of the time because we're going to reduce the code that we have to do with educators, so we might. When I call the reference to do the reference check, you can actually tell from their tone how good the educators are. I talk to many different centers, sometimes they're just yes and no, yeah, she is okay, you know, but the way she said the words is okay, that is not actually okay,

Joy Victoria  1:15:28  
yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:15:30  
yeah, but then there is some sentence where they are very excited to give that feedback, like, yeah, no, she is good in that, and now you know that, okay, this is educator, you're going to onboard, you know, so it's actually benefit us from from from calling the reference check. It gives us more insight, it gives us a better picture. Um, yeah, I think it's good we wait for Liam until Friday, see if we can complete it. If not, then we might work together, and we might have Jane to help us, just so that she can be in the loop, and she's been doing the onboarding, maybe she have more insight than us, and then we'll see what we can do with that form, so with the reference check system, it's our own system, like it's the IT system that created them, so if we come up with a new question and stuff, it won't take much time for them to change it, because all they have to do is just change the questions and the template, and that's it.

Joy Victoria  1:16:27  
Yeah, that's cool. It's just a form, so okay.

Sophia Arwae  1:16:30  
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:16:34  
sorry,

Sophia Arwae  1:16:42  
can you hear me?

Joy Victoria  1:16:43  
Oh, okay. I think I'm breaking up again. Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:16:46  
I'm sorry. Yep. So wait, I think I'm sorry again. I think I went over the topic that we're supposed to focus, so have three status. Remember?

Joy Victoria  1:17:00  
Oh worries. worries, just let me know if there's anything else you think I should know on the onboarding pipeline, because pretty much during training Jane has discussed everything, maybe some observations from you that you are seeing that's not supposed to be done, or things that you wish could be better. Yeah, because for the process, I think Jane has that covered in training. So, what else have you observed, like on the onboarding pipeline that needs,

Sophia Arwae  1:17:43  
yeah, I think the last status is what we call a waiting activation. Normally, we only push educator to that status if everything on their profile is actually complete, like video interview, waiting call document reference checked is complete, then we put them into a waiting activation, and that is agent job to do the quality check of all of the document and stuff, but what is happening now is that let's say educator a complete all of the documents, but we're just waiting for the reference check to complete. They push their educator to a waiting activation, and what happened was it create more jobs for Adrian, like instead of 10 five accounts that actually complete that agent have to check. Now it's 30 accounts where agents have to check, and that's what I was saying, that there is something from agent plate that we can take off.

Joy Victoria  1:18:50  
Okay, is there no way for us to not move it until waiting activation, unless you know reference checks are all cleared out.

Sophia Arwae  1:19:02  
Yeah, I discussed this with Jane before, but I think maybe I'll revisit and discuss this again with her. At that time, she thought that if we keep those educators in the improper status, or the status before, there's going to be a lot of educators in that list, which I understand, but then she said just add that on a waiting activation. Is Adrian, Adrian is going to be the one who checked that anyway. The thing is, I don't think she gets that. I don't want agent to check those, if that makes sense, you know I want Adrian to check those that she actually needs to check, yeah. So Adrian doesn't feel like she has too much on her plate, because, like, for example, if there is, like, 30 something innovating activations, it didn't have to check those educators one by one to see if they actually complete, if they complete again, do the quality check and ask Vicky to do activations, right, but that could have been reduced to the exact number that she could do, and it actually messed up our report as well, like for example, if I have to, if I happen to want to track some onboarding activity, like how many people got pushed to a waiting activation, because I want to know how much time they take from this status to that status. It messed up the metric, because not all those educators that was put in a waiting activation was actually complete, and there is likely more educated that don't complete reference checks than the one actually completed. So, yeah, I think I revisit this with Jane again, because I don't want to keep it like that. And when we kind of like review the team structure, this is one thing I want to take off. Yeah, exactly,

Sophia Arwae  1:21:01  
but think the reason Jane gave me was also reasonable, in the sense of let's say, for example, we have 150 candidates under improv guest, right? Let's say you are one of them, I call you today, like, 'Hey, Joy, I'm still waiting for Liam to complete your reference check. Please reach out to Liam, so once everything's complete, we can get you on board right away. You might get, or you might reach out to Liam right away after this call, and Liam could potentially complete the reference check right away after you call him. But with the onboarding process, we will not contact you again until the next two days, because the SOP is to contact you again, like the two day after. We contact educator every two days, so that would potentially delay your activation process. What I suggested before is, why don't we ask our IT team to create one more status that says pending reference check, and then we can have someone to work on that instead. What do you think?

Joy Victoria  1:22:17  
Okay, for me, actually, in reality, when you mentioned earlier that there were only a few folks who you're confident doing like reference checks, this is a solution, but it's a band aid solution, it's not really a permanent solution, like we can do it right now to get things faster, but ultimately, since onboarding is Jane's department, like it's her responsibility to move things forward from in progress to awaiting activation. If she doesn't want a lot of in progress items, then where is the gap? What is keeping us from having moved forward these reference checks, and the answer and the solution was what you mentioned earlier. They should be confident in doing these call outs. So, what I think would work for the team, like if we can maybe go back to this when we do our SOP review is for the onboarding manager to post their statistics for the day, because in a way that kind of like motivates a person, like if they see their performance for the day, not just what they've completed, but like, like how many deals they moved from in progress to awaiting activation, or you know, whatever's relevant for us to keep things forward, because that would make them feel like, hey, you know what, I achieved this, and it gives a valid reason for onboarding manager to reach out to the representative and say, hey, you know what, you have 20 in progress deals sitting since the other day, why hasn't these moved forward? What do you think can you do? So, yeah, I think a person, just one person doing reference calls, would work, but it's not a solution. I feel like everyone should be able to do that, because it's their numbers, ultimately,

Sophia Arwae  1:24:33  
of course.

Joy Victoria  1:24:36  
Yes. So, my question is, if it's one candidate, is it that representatives' candidate all throughout? Okay, got it. So, is that something that you feel could be changed, because if it's your candidate, this, there's this kind of like intimate, you know, relationship, and there's a direct responsibility that you have as a consultant for that representative, right? If you're not around for the week, you can just have a reliever or a backup for the week, and that person can be your buddy, like when that person's not around too. I mean, that you know, I think those have worked with a lot of businesses before, so yeah. Well, what do you think? This will that work in this type of industry, or should it be different consultants? Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:25:31  
I love how this conversation's going. Actually, yes, I do agree. I think yes, it should be like that.

Joy Victoria  1:25:40  
Yeah, one

Sophia Arwae  1:25:40  
of the plans that I hasn't discussed with you yet, and that is just kind of like the plan that I'm kind of thinking if that would be worth our investment, is I want just to have one person working on responding email, because if you go to our contact email, one educator could have emailed three different consultants, including myself, as for consultants. Okay, in dealing their email, so I think it would be first with the email, I want to just have one person communicate with educators, and then with the onboarding process. Yes, I agree to have the representative for a certain educator or a group, because that way it would kind of like build a bit of rapport and relationship, and things don't get missed in between, you know, because when you start handling, when I started handling inbound, the educators are, 'Hey, can I speak to this? And when I try to explain, 'Okay, you know what, that person is not available, let me help you instead. This is what you're missing, and then there's going to be some kind of claim, which we don't know if that claim is true or not, because we wouldn't have time to review their call at that time, so no, but no. Adrian said this is okay. Lori said this is fine, but okay. Maybe that was actually discussed with them. We're just not aware, so I think yes, maybe we visit this, and then I think this should be one of the things we discussed with Jane, see if it's something that would be managed for in terms of past delegations, but I think it would, it would do, we give, we'll give one consultant a certain group of people that they need to follow up throughout all of their onboarding until the activation, because at this time there's only one person instead doing activations, which is wiki, which I think eventually, though, it, that's the reason of that is because wiki in the quality teams, and then somehow the activations was fallen under the quality team. I don't, I don't think it should be like that, because it's still part of the onboarding, so we might get all of the consultant onboarding consultant to do the activations too, but the activation score is pretty straightforward. Just walk into the app. How can they start accepting shift? What should be done? What is our expectation?

Joy Victoria  1:28:27  
Very easy. Yeah, and it closes the loop in that relationship. It's like your congratulations after all of these, you know, follow-ups, and

Sophia Arwae  1:28:36  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  1:28:36  
calling them, and you know, I think the one person email would work as well, but I think that if one person is responsible for a candidate, I think they should be responsible for both calls and emails for that candidate as well, because

Speaker 1  1:28:54  
it

Joy Victoria  1:28:54  
gives them like, like full accountability of the performance for that candidate, and that sense of achievement once they move that person to awaiting activation or activation, right, because it will be another cycle of just passing it on, they're going to be like, hey, you know what, you're responsible for, you're responsible for Sophia, right? Why is she in progress for 10 days now? What's the issue, right? And the representative, the consultant, she's going to say, 'Hey, because the email person didn't reply to the email on day three or something like that, or they, yeah, they're just going to pass on blame, and they have to, you know, learn, learn that accountability of moving one. Yeah.

Sophia Arwae  1:29:50  
Yes, I like that. Hey,

Joy Victoria  1:29:54  
would they feel about that?

Sophia Arwae  1:29:58  
Yeah, that, that's another question. How would they feel, but it would benefit the company, like the relationship management. It's better if one person handled that. I got a sense that when I was doing the onboarding and call some educators, they seem to interact more if they talk to you repeatedly, like they call me again, like, 'Oh, hey, yeah, it's Sophia again, and they just say, 'Oh, yeah, Sophia, you know what? I already done this, that you told me this, this, this, what else? You know, well, if someone else answered that call, the call could have gone slightly different way, and the relationship managing it might not going to be the same for educators, like for us. For example, if I talk to you every day, I know exactly what you want from me. Yeah, and you know exactly what you want me to do, right? So it's yeah, I think it is. Maybe we can ask Jane, what do you think about this, and then we explore with the team on how would they feel about this.

Joy Victoria  1:31:04  
Yeah, I think this is good, just for them to maybe have a little feel that some changes are coming, because you know, notes all over the place is kind of like,

Sophia Arwae  1:31:16  
yes, the

Joy Victoria  1:31:17  
note. I just noticed that you can easily pass the responsibility on, like, you know, there's no accountability here. So, there should be a performance management, like some metrics that they should watch out for, and this would be ultimately good for them, because it keeps them motivated at the end of the day, it creates those relationships, it keeps them focused on what really needs to be done, instead of just a checklist that, okay, I need to call x number folks for the day, so yeah, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:31:58  
okay,

Sophia Arwae  1:32:00  
that is one thing, and since we're talking about the onboarding already, I just want to add this one at this time. When we have the line where we call the onboarding line, for example, if I'm handling inbound call, right, someone call in and then just a returning call from the onboarding, I am not allowed to transfer that call in the sense of let's say two cases, one case is Educator A and Donna, for example, call A before and then just to do a quick rating call, but A didn't answer, Aidan call back, I answer that call, I can transfer that to Donna, because it's the waiting call. So, the condition was you can only transfer the call if it's returning for waiting call, but if Donna happened to call someone that the status in the in progress, and then Donna wanted to follow up on a few documents and a reference check, but the educator didn't answer. They didn't call back, and then if I happen to answer that call, I need to walk them through what's missing, or whoever responsible for the inbound call at that time have to be the one who explained that call, but I think it would be a better idea to transfer that call back to Donna, in a sense of then Donna can explain everything, it was Donna who did the onboarding call, then therefore it should be her completing the onboarding call, you know, yeah. that's what I believe. I thought the reason we opened that line is because of this, but then I did transfer that call, and then I was warned that, hey, if you transfer that again, I'm going to transfer that call back to you. Then did I do something bad? What did I do? And then I haven't heard

Joy Victoria  1:34:06  
of that. I haven't heard of, like, I've been with several companies. If somebody looks for somebody, you initially, yes, of course, if you already have a person on the line, you can go ahead and try to help them, but ultimately should be allowed to transfer that back, especially if you know if that person is available.

Sophia Arwae  1:34:32  
I think if we're gonna change the process where we have a certain consultant manage a certain amount of candidates, then we should be able to transfer that call back to them, so that they can manage their all through our own, yeah, and that is the reasons why Vicky and Agent Hoods was handling inbound in the afternoon, feels like they have a lot because the

Joy Victoria  1:35:01  
afternoon,

Sophia Arwae  1:35:03  
yes, wait,

Joy Victoria  1:35:05  
isn't the onboarding team doing inbound?

Sophia Arwae  1:35:10  
It should be Wiki and Adrian as the main inbound, and then the onboarding team as some kind of like an overflow, and I think there might,

Sophia Arwae  1:35:21  
there might be in a training where they ask the onboarding team to kind of like be in charge of the main line, just so that they can practice. That's it.

Joy Victoria  1:35:31  
Oh, wow, the quality team has a lot on their plate. Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:35:35  
exactly. That's why shouldn't be

Joy Victoria  1:35:37  
doing inbound calls, because they're quality.

Sophia Arwae  1:35:40  
Yeah, I feel like what we'll do, we'll ask there is, I mean, yes, we have to train the onboarding team to know how to handle the inbound call, because as Liam said, there might be some team member where they have to take leave or holiday, then at least we have someone as a replacement at that time, but then, as the main job responsibility, we have each team focus on whatever they're doing. We can have the quality team still doing the inbound, but reduced it in the sense of if it's the onboarding call that call back, regardless if what stats about, they should be able to transfer that call back to the responsible persons, 90% of our call is the onboarding call.

Joy Victoria  1:36:30  
I actually haven't, it's not supposed to be, honestly. Like the quality team, if you're doing quality, you shouldn't be taking inbound calls, because you're not a representative, you're part of a team who's auditing the consultants or the representative, so I understand that it would help us that they do inbound calls, but ultimately I feel like it should be the onboarding consultants doing inbound, not immediately, maybe, but that should be like the structure, because I just haven't heard of quality doing inbound. They agreed to this.

Sophia Arwae  1:37:12  
Yeah, I think that's why we need to revisit our structure, because,

Speaker 1  1:37:18  
yeah, it

Sophia Arwae  1:37:18  
has been like that, the,

Joy Victoria  1:37:20  
yeah, the

Sophia Arwae  1:37:21  
part of the quality team job responsibility at this time is to manage the afternoon like workflow, and because at this time what's supposed to be the quality team job responsibility for Adrian is just to check the awaiting activation, because that is just the quality check that we have heard to do, and then for some educator, where we need to speak about their performance, let's say we get not so good feedback from the centers, so it will fall under agent as well to discuss that with the educator, see if we can still keep her to work with us, or if there are chances, or we can just let them go, or terminate their contract. So that is also part of agent job responsibility at the quality team, that is just the main two things she's supposed to do, and I think that was the reasons why at that time we have them manage the inbound, and then the afternoon club. I mean, not them, it's me who was in that position at that time. So, oh my

Joy Victoria  1:38:38  
gosh, okay, yeah, I understand, because we, of course, we're still considered as a startup. We're not really, you know, okay, but I would like for the quality team to also, you know, inbound should it be at all in their responsibilities, because that's not a job responsibility for a quality team, you know, the lines are really blurred. Yeah, but I understand why it happened, but we have to transition to that, and one of the responsibilities that they should be doing is auditing those calls that the onboarding team is doing and providing feedback, so as to, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:39:23  
yeah, we might have to restructure everything, then, because actually listening to those call is part of my job responsibility.

Joy Victoria  1:39:32  
Oh, okay, you do all of that.

Sophia Arwae  1:39:34  
I haven't done that yet, I just stepped up. It used to be gain responsibility when she was in this position,

Joy Victoria  1:39:43  
got it. Yeah, it should be the quality team's responsibility, as well as the manager's responsibility, because there are two kinds of audits. You have the manager's audit, like the immediate managers' audit, and the quality teams' audit, which is the most like maybe objective of them all, because you know you're not reporting

Sophia Arwae  1:40:09  
to. I'm just wondering if you can help me. Honestly, I haven't been working in much company, and most of the hotel I worked before, the quality team is very different from what we're doing now, and I think from what you have done the work at other companies, it seems like we have a very different idea of what the quality should be. Can you tell me, how was it like at the company that you worked before, or what would be the expectations of our quality to be doing

Joy Victoria  1:40:44  
okay? Sure, definitely. So, I've been a quality manager at ADP before. In addition to that, I've worked with teams who build their own quality teams as well. So, the main responsibility, like the number one responsibility of a quality evaluator is to listen to the calls, use an evaluation form, which is called your quality evaluation form, and measure the performance based on that evaluation form. So, for example, you have your opening, you have your verification made maybe, and then you have the probing section, as well as your product knowledge, and your setting of expectations, and closing. So, those are mainly like the parts of a quality form, and I mean, we can do that together with the quality team, right now we can build a quality form. I'm sure they have an idea, and they have lots of ideas of what to include there, and it's going to be weighted based on what's going to be like the behavior that's most important on a call, so it's not all like 5% right? There's going to be something that's at 10% because this behavior should be shown on each and every call, like the tone - is it professional, is it? Does it sound like you're reading off a script? Does it do you sound engaging? Did you respond to everything that the candidate said? So that is the number one responsibility of a quality evaluator, and they also, after doing that, they provide, of course, there's a score right on the form, they send that to the consultant or the representative and provide feedback, so it could be one of either two things, it could be an email saying, 'Hey, you know what? I evaluated you. This is your score. This is your feedback. Go ahead and review it. The other way is to have, like, a coaching session. So, the coaching session can be done one of two ways, as well. We can decide on how we can do that. The coaching session can be done by the manager, because the manager has that relationship with the representative, and they can maybe convey the quality score better, or it could be direct, which you know what I did before, and which is way better. It could be a direct feedback coaching session from the quality evaluator and the representative, of course, looping in the manager, so that they're aware of the score. On top of that, there are weekly and monthly reports by the quality team to management and to the team manager, saying that, okay, here is the performance of your team, of your representatives. They haven't been empathizing, they haven't been. They failed to ask for this particular document on that call. They missed this process. They did not call back on day two. You know all of those things on a report on a weekly and a monthly report, and they don't take calls. Yes.

Sophia Arwae  1:44:09  
Okay. Now I understand. So, which technique would technically mean that if we have some new consultant or the team member on board, there should be the best person who do the training, because then understand it. No,

Joy Victoria  1:44:26  
no. Okay, so we have quality and training comes hand in hand, but the quality evaluation evaluator doesn't necessarily do the training in small companies that I've worked with, like, since they're, you know, you can do that, we can do that. If we feel like we don't have the bandwidth right now to bring in, like, a completely separate training team, we can do that. That is possible, but that might just, on my experience, that might compromise the bandwidth of your quality evaluator right? So several questions here, and you don't have to answer these. Are just questions that you might consider when you're going to assign them training. So, how much is your quality evaluator paid? Right, does it cover like the tasks that I'm assigning them, is it something that I feel like, do I feel like right now what they're doing isn't enough? That's why I can add training on to that, but if I need an additional person to do it, you should have, like, like a trainer, or maybe have Vicky do it or have Adrian do it, you know, only something to that effect, because that person is going to be as I've been a training manager as well, and that's a completely different, it's like a completely different world, because then you'd have to create your training material, you'd have to make sure that the way you communicate during your training sessions are the most effective way, that you don't just show the material, just read off the slides, that doesn't work right, there's like a proper way of doing it, and what even are the slides going to be, are they even relevant? Is this something that your trainer, your new person, is going to work? You know, are they really going to learn the most effectively doing it this way? So, those are the things which I think, right now, at this very moment, we don't need a training team right now, because we're not bringing on like wave after wave after wave of representatives, but ultimately it should be like separate tasks, but you're correct that the closest person to tap would be someone from quality, because they're going to be the experts in product, yeah. okay.

Sophia Arwae  1:47:03  
Now I understand. You know what, there's a lot of things for us based on that. There's a lot of things for us to work on in terms of team structure. Yeah, I do not think the quality team that we have now perhaps is not doing the quality as expected. I mean, not that we expected something, and they don't meet our expectations. Our expectation isn't even there.

Joy Victoria  1:47:36  
Yeah, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  1:47:37  
So, maybe we might have to rethink about what the expectations are for them. Therefore, we might be able to restructure what they're doing, and if we're going to implement that and take them complete, like let's say whatever we think would be best for them to be doing, like what are the activities that they need to track what are the core listening that they need to do, what kind of score that they need to consider when they're doing some observation of each consultant. If we feel like that is something we want them to work on, and from those results it would potentially help our company to grow a lot, then we might have to take them off completely off the queue once we implement those things, and then we might have to look for a replacement for that.

Joy Victoria  1:48:32  
Yeah, that's going to be eventually. I mean, we don't want to, like, shock our,

Sophia Arwae  1:48:37  
yeah, yeah,

Joy Victoria  1:48:42  
hey. yeah, exactly, but yeah, eventually we'll maybe, you know, decrease their, you know, inbound calls, because they shouldn't even be doing that in the first place, if they're doing quality, I mean, but

Speaker 1  1:48:57  
because, yeah, my

Sophia Arwae  1:49:00  
position is more of doing the quality now.

Joy Victoria  1:49:04  
Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:49:06  
I could always say everything, identify what's the issue, are then bring that up to the team and fix it. So, yeah, we'll revisit that. What we'll do, we stop and we stick to the plan that we have, try our as best as we can in terms of try to kind of like take something off the plate just so that everyone can have the main thing that they actually have to focus on. Then we visit the onboarding team because I feel like there's some training that could have been done with them, especially with the one for the reference checks, one, but from our end, maybe the video interview is something that we can, we too can discuss with higher flex. Once that's done, then we can let the teams know, so they are aware. What else? Yeah, that's the thing. And with the awaiting activation, as I said, I do not want us to continue that, but I think I think we might have to, I might have to think of the solution myself, or perhaps discuss with Jane first on what we might have different opinions in running things, but then I think we could eventually come up with something that would potentially be best for everyone. I don't want to do that yet, just because I did not have a very clear reason to provide her, but once I think when we visit the team structure, and then we re-watched it, then I can let James know that this is the new team structure that we're going to use moving forward, and by doing that, yeah, like by doing this, this could have made this more effective, I think that's my plan,

Joy Victoria  1:50:57  
that is very good, on top of that, like a reason for us to move that way is for us to be able to measure their performance, like right now the only performance measurement that we have, which is if you're in operations, it's all about supposed to be, you know, about performance management, it's just the number of calls completed, if they were able to complete like what was assigned to them for the day, which is supposed to be just like a basic expectation that this is your list to complete for the day, you should be able to complete it right, but the way we package it, I feel, is we're going to come up with some metrics now for performance management for us to help our onboarding consultants to improve, and for us to help identify where they need to improve on, and for us to do that, the best way to measure it is, you know, this metric, how they are able to move one candidate from one status to another, like their numbers per status, yeah, but like you said, that's all eventual, eventually,

Speaker 1  1:52:09  
yeah,

Joy Victoria  1:52:09  
but I think that's a good, you know, good way to package it to chain, so yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:52:19  
okay, well, nice, seems like we learn a lot from here. I know it's been two hours and time flew right. I'm really enjoying meeting with you. Honestly, it seems like we can gather a lot of ideas that we can work on, but again, joy. If there's any suggestions, I think sometime when I have to say something or give an idea to Liam, I need to rethink about that many times. First of the thing that I'm going to think is that even makes sense, so sometimes I don't ask them because I feel like, yeah, that doesn't make sense for me to ask. It will not bring us any value if any of this happened or anything, I'm very open to discussions, like at any time.

Joy Victoria  1:53:07  
Oh, no problem. Yeah, I'm very straightforward. I can tell you right away, like, you know why I think we should do this and this. I don't think we can like improve ourselves if we don't do that, so yeah, and you're very easy to talk with. I mean, it's not.. I know that you don't take things personally. Everything is so, you know, black and white in business anyway. And ultimately, our goal is to help the company, so yeah, that you won't have any problems with me telling you. Thank you for being open, and I appreciate your time today. I feel like our structure revisit would take more time, but I don't think that it should take a lot of time. Tomorrow, I feel like we should, like, do it maybe two days, for two days.

Speaker 1  1:54:10  
Yeah,

Joy Victoria  1:54:11  
like maybe Wednesday and Thursday is a good time for structure review.

Sophia Arwae  1:54:21  
I think we might be busy on Friday. I have a feeling that Liam asked for us. Remember, Liam said that we're going to review the monthly report of May together, and because Liam doesn't really have much time, it's probably going to be normally it's me, um, Adrian, Laurie, and Jane, and then Liam doing the meeting together, but I feel like this time it could probably be just you and I, and then him, and then maybe Jane, if time permit, at that time. So, yeah, the Friday, let's leave our was that our schedule on Friday empty for now, and then we'll focus those team structures, because I, what I can tell you is, monthly management meeting could be a very long meeting.

Joy Victoria  1:55:11  
Oh, yeah, really.

Sophia Arwae  1:55:13  
Yeah, so from the past two months, where we're doing that, there's a lot of things that we could, we have to walk them through it, might be different this time, since he's away, not like not in his usual place. He has things to do, but yeah, I normally keep my schedule empty on Friday. I'll probably, yeah, I normally just clear every task that I need to do by Thursday. Yeah, just as a question, you know,

Joy Victoria  1:55:41  
yeah, yeah. Do you think we need to have anything prepared other than the structure review, so that we're, you know, calibrated on Friday? Or

Sophia Arwae  1:55:55  
I'm thinking, after this meeting, I'm having some tasks that I need to work on first, which is review the educator timesheet, so that they get their pay on time. After that, I'm going to start adding those tasks on your tracker. I believe it would be a very good idea for two of us to include the pending task and the task in progress in our meeting, so everyone is in the loop, Liam is in the loop, he knows exactly what we are doing. Liam tend to get a bit frustrated when communications get lost, which happen most of the time, so I understand him. We have, we might have to before we include that in our meeting or our monthly report. We need to have a clear plan on, okay, there is a pending task. When do you think you can complete it? And what is the actions plan that has been taken so far? And who's handling it? It could be your task, but it might not be you who's doing that, you know, it could be the consultant handling that, you just manage the task, so we'll include that, and then part of the thing I want to keep you in the loop, in terms of the app issue, so as you might be aware, there's some app issue, portal issue, where we have to discuss with the IT team, I to fix that for us, we're going to include all of the pending tasks that we have at the moment, so that Liam is aware, you know, this is where we're at in terms of fixing our portal, or to perfect it, and then so far what have been completed, Liam would understand in terms of the app issue, some of the team members might not understand, but I do hope you and I can be on the same page on this, because the IT team, they are working on one big project, what we call the availability features, so therefore working on this, it could delay the other tasks that we need them to fix, but some of the things that we ask them to fix is not an urgent task, in the sense of business wise, like if we don't fix it now, the business doesn't lose money, but if we fix it, our team workflow could be better,

Speaker 1  1:58:21  
but

Sophia Arwae  1:58:21  
if we keep adding pressure to them to fix this for us first, we then will delay these features, so like two of the things can be stuck at the same time, nothing gets finished if we keep pushing them, you know, but yeah, I'm gonna list out what are the things that we're waiting for them to complete, and then what I did, I already asked Prince, which is one of our dev team, to give me at least an estimate time, so I can at least discuss that or inform that with our team. We know, so we know exactly what we're expecting. I think it's better for us to know that it's going to be complete in the next two months, rather than know nothing at all, you know.

Joy Victoria  1:59:03  
Yeah, but two months now, I understand that we need to have like a concrete time frame from them, because we need a lot more things done, and yeah, to be putting the pressure for them to complete that availability project job, so okay, yeah, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  1:59:26  
because from that is a big project, I think Liam and Yuf Raj has been working on this for quite some time, and they seem to invest a lot on that, so I really want them to completely finish this project first, but on the same time, if there's like some kind of issue that is really easy to fix, they fix it right away within a day or two. Yeah, but if it's something that they kind of like have to dive into things and really look into details, it might take them some time, but I always communicate that with the team. But yes, I, I add that in our monthly report, but if I have time, or if we have time on Thursday later in the afternoon, I want to walk you through that first. I want to quickly explain what is happening on that stage, why this is happening, and then what do I like, what do I plan them to work on once the availability is live. So, yes, let's.. I gonna note this stuff. I'm not gonna send an invite yet for Thursday, because we'll see first how things are going with with our team structure, and then I'll walk you through that. So, yeah, we add the monthly report, we add about our task on the tracker, and then we add the app issue or app escalation, and then the last thing I want to add is I think it kind of like related to the task that we have, which is a timeline, like some kind of, I guess some kind of like a calendar, like what will happen in this month, what will happen in this month, what is our plan for this month. For example, like the child safety training, it has to be like we have no other options, it has to be done in July, you know, but we cannot like we have to work on it now, because we don't know what's coming for us in July, you know. So, yeah, that is something I want to add. And then, apart from the child safety training, there is another, the child protections course, which I can go more into details with you later. It's also going to take effect on that same day, but it's not some big of an issue, that one is not like a big, big thing, it doesn't require us to actually follow up, because it's something that's already exist, and then the government just kind of like revise it to make you better,

Joy Victoria  2:01:55  
okay, okay, yeah, got it, okay, and

Sophia Arwae  2:01:58  
that is two things, and then at the end of financial year, which is the end of June, the pay rate for educator is going to change. I think it's better for us to bring this up to Liam first. I mean, Liam is already aware, he just hasn't communicated with us yet. I think it's better for us to bring this up on the early stage, see what's going to be the plant, or if he has any insight at all about what's the rate going to be. I, because I subscribe to the government email and I receive their email about the rate changes. Yeah, but there hasn't really confirmed what's that going to be. They just kind of like tell us to prepare. Okay, bless

Joy Victoria  2:02:45  
you.

Sophia Arwae  2:02:46  
Yeah, but I think there's these are three things, like the reason that I want to add the calendar is just so that when we see the calendar, it's like, oh, okay, that's an overview. This is exactly what's going to happen at this stage of time, and then probably it would be a good idea as well for us to add the task like on the calendar, like this is what happened in this month, and then we'll walk him through. Yep, but I'll, I'll try to design that on Canva first. What I'm gonna do today is, I'm gonna use. yeah, you saw our monthly report from April, so it's going to be kind of like the same metric. I'm going to add those details that we add first, and then at the latest date, I'm going to create those stuff that we want.

Joy Victoria  2:03:33  
Okay, that sounds good. I hope it doesn't take a lot of your time, because you have to rest and get better, and not get fully sick. I know

Sophia Arwae  2:03:47  
I can't be sick yet. Been telling myself, yeah.

Joy Victoria  2:03:49  
So, yeah, just take, you know, to take it easy. I know that you can't in reality, but you know, drink your water and take some breathers, but I really appreciate the time today, Sophia. It gave me a lot of insight with how the company is at the moment, and how I can help. So, I'll give you the link to the recording for our meeting today, and then a summary.

Sophia Arwae  2:04:16  
Yep.

Joy Victoria  2:04:17  
So, yeah, okay, cool.

Sophia Arwae  2:04:19  
Thank you, Joe. I really appreciate your time too, and all of the insight you have shared.

Joy Victoria  2:04:24  
No problem. Okay, I'll see you tomorrow, Sophia. Thank you, and take your rest. Take care. Thank you. After all the stuff you need to do, you too. Thanks. Bye, guys. Yeah, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
