Jane Santos  00:20
Many candidates has moved from one status to the next even week, so Wala tayong gan niyan. At the moment, I'm just relying on the reporting nasi net ni it, and then also based on the tasks that I delegated, if Yung EOD nila is matching namandun sa sinet nila na io d then dun po talaga malalaman that they have taken an action but from status to one another hindi talaga siya mata tag kong sino yung consultant na na action

Speaker 1  01:08
Okay,

Jane Santos  01:09
yes.

Speaker 1  01:10
Take care. See ano kalang boxan ko lang yung five para ma nood ko piro naka record naman, so we can go to the next,

Jane Santos  01:19
and that if a consultant has a large number of candidates sitting on the same position for a while, how would you currently know, and what would you do about it? Okay, so at the moment, since we do prioritize suburbs, na talagang kailangan natin nay action, so this is really like a bad habit, to be honest, because we just disregard those people that are just sitting on our vetting call, and we don't even follow up with them, we're just waiting for them to really send us the video interview, kasi donn lang natin ma action, since on a daily basis, we are checking the higher flex into siya, so yun yung apina prioritize natin kasi dito di natin malalaman ko motivated basi educator art

Speaker 1  02:14
hindi po makita yung higher flicks mo, ay,

Jane Santos  02:17
sorry,

Speaker 1  02:19
okay, thanks. Salah

Jane Santos  02:23
present something else, my something else. Sorry. Okay, so dito talaga prioro natin yung evaluate natin during that day, kasi ito yung magatao di na really motivated to work with us. If we are going to check our candidates into sa vetting call, you would be a lot of people that are just sitting there.

Speaker 2  02:52
Okay, galo

Jane Santos  02:55
na sa Victoria.

Speaker 1  02:58
Ano lagan da kayong like goin moving forward or what do you think would work na hindi rin ma overwhelming ano natin onboarding team

Jane Santos  03:11
so I suggested that to kasi sa in progress or likely lahat nabang a consultants natin. We are trying to touch base with them, chasing the documents, and that's the main reason why we cannot do other things, kasi dalawang consultants that are being assigned to do that, and so my proposal for that particular task would be to minimize the human intervention, so gusto ko sa in progress na laga automated siya. There should be a certain notifications and emails that will be sent to them. Para mom remove natin yang follow-up call, and then just focusing on the vetting para yung mataon just sitting on the venting ko pata touch base talagan natin sila, okay? Yes, got it. And also, if you can remember, or I actually shared you the file for Canva, we're in your proposal, it has to have like a pre-qualifying questions, kasi ang daming mgata ao dito that are not even qualified to work with us, so they're just sitting here somewhere, and when we try to hold them, don palang natin malalama na ah, okay, wala kapalang qualification, or boy kaka enroll mo lang, so hindi naginag capture sa first part kalang na that when they registered with

Speaker 1  04:48
us. Okay,

Speaker 3  04:50
Jane.

Jane Santos  04:51
Yes.

Speaker 3  04:52
Sorry, ano. Tapos ko na siyang interview pero genak ko yung ano niya yung profile niya kaka contact lang sa kanyan ni share na today

Jane Santos  05:04
let me let me check that

Speaker 3  05:07
30 minutes ago

Jane Santos  05:11
I'm not sure if word season beep suck task yeah let me let me check that

Speaker 1  05:17
sure

Jane Santos  05:40
Yeah, so it was an inbound call. RFC reason for her calling is she wants to follow up her application. Result of the call is Sheena did the vetting call, so no need for you to do the vetting call yourself. All you need to do now is to attach the video interview assessment that you made. Welcome call, young status, and then my actions Yeah,

Speaker 3  06:23
oh, 30

Jane Santos  06:28
minutes ago, Nisha. Based on your assessment, would you like to pass her second video interview, or no,

Speaker 3  06:42
yungsinan mobang link second interview na

Jane Santos  06:45
yun. Yes, I'm assuming that the no need to do vi

Speaker 3  06:52
percent link, ano

Jane Santos  06:53
yan yung first, niya na.

Speaker 3  06:54
Oh, so Walla pa yung pangalawa

Jane Santos  06:58
at I made a mistake, video interview niya talaga yung first atomy. So,

Speaker 3  07:08
okay, so nag vetting mo na siya, pero wala siyang video introduction. Okay, okay. Are you qualifications wise? Okay, kaya lang kasi ang big niyan so magot, like hindi niya na sagut lahat ng tanong sinabi niya lang na eight years of experience siya, pero hindi niyan sin nabi ko anong obtain yung qualifications, tapos yung the questions to the answers to our questions are kind of different, so ano, it's it's not kind of coherent for me,

Jane Santos  07:42
okay. based on the vetting call that was being made by Sheena, do you think you would like to pass her check natin yung pasi

Speaker 3  08:02
yung check

Jane Santos  08:10
so she's from Nari Warren, and we're trying to fill in the booking, and 41 minutes, nariwaran. intrinsic. We have limited. C'mon, natin. And Dennis, what? DEW, DUNC, Reprehend, or Rewed, DEC, amore, DC, ah. need to do, that, R, C, and R, etc. about the extra, moves to ing, Greg, e, that's our,

Speaker 3  08:58
make sure to grave, eh, her, eh, es, bo, so actions to be taken, move to in progress, la la, yes,

Jane Santos  09:09
okay, sa na ba tayo, joy, sorry, ha,

Speaker 1  09:13
okay, okay, so we're talking about young man, na has top in progress,

Jane Santos  09:23
yes. In progress, more like our choice documents. That's correct. And then, is there anything the team is measured on right now that you feel doesn't fully reflect how well they are performing? Yes. So I showed you the their EOD report on a daily basis, so Jana check every day, see if ano ba yung magi naga wa nila, and then by the end of the week, tinatalico yan ag gag and see if sino yung madaming inbound sino ba yung nag-givating call, and then pretty much every day, naman, winy na much ko talaga yung productivity nila don sa tasks that I delegated, and so far performing talaga lahat. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:24
okay, okay, that's good. Okay, we can go to the next,

Jane Santos  10:34
the next part of the history, and what's what's the single biggest bottleneck you see in the onboarding process right now, I would say the people that are sitting on vetting call people that are also not qualified, do okay, and also the system itself, we don't have Hindi siya automated, so what I really wanted is let's say, for example, di ba, when we are trying to put some notes in the shot templated again, which it's kind of delaying our whatever we're doing, so let's say outbound tayo pa yung ma type na RFC RF ROTC, and then when we save particular note type indisha matin trigger yung next status, which guston gusto ko talagan na ma implement yet kasi limited lang talaga yung human error pag automated na lahatte, and then if they there's some delays on their onboarding walang emails na na ta ang we have to create our own email, we have to say kung anong talaga yung gagawin natin, although we have templates already sa emails, but it's not complete, so ginagawang templates. I added it one by one. I have to think, ano pa Kayo template na kailangan ni ad, and stuff like that, so it's more likely tayo talaga, maha consultants na napa manually trigger, so I think that's the biggest bottle next for me, for us on boarding.

Speaker 2  12:39
Okay.

Speaker 1  12:41
Thank you for that. Yeah, we can Jane

Jane Santos  12:47
Anova. Yes,

Speaker 3  12:50
Jane. I'm so sorry very much. So ko lang nilagi ko sa reviewed video interview share ko na lang ako y lang

Jane Santos  13:00
oralang

Speaker 3  13:00
eight years of experience as an easy decision, I did the vetting called culture from already those years progress as an

Jane Santos  13:21
easy ano po Modi,

Speaker 3  13:25
I'm so sorry. All right, let me update. Okay.

Jane Santos  13:38
and sorry naman super strict talaga po sa no taking

Speaker 3  13:47
no problem that's good para at least alo ka sorry kung matalong di na ko para ala si po position kasi mamaya

Jane Santos  13:56
oh mas magan na tayo mag ask a ng question kasi pagwala mano lo ka po. Yes, okay. If you could change one thing about the current workflow setup, what would it be? As is a workflow alone, it's manageable, but if we think of an operational side that are just sitting on the vetting call Sayang naman, if we cannot touch base and we don't have enough time to do that, to touch base everyone, kasi full pack na kami sa manga task namin. Most of our tasks are mainly talaga reaching out to the to the educators or to the applicants, wherein we can do a lot of things instead of keep on chasing them, such as, you know, we could have done calling people during their, you know, sorry, educators that completed their first shift, very important, kasi we wanted to get the feedback from those educators that took their first shift, like ano ba yung experience Dela, how was the app? Are there any things that we can improve on the app or on our the way we we handle from onboarding to them activating, so my aim yung touch base among a first shift takers plus touching base to the center kung paano bakaganda yung experience dilas educator in that way connected in you pago sa pan natin in terms of there's already availability feature if you want if you like this educator based on your feedback, why don't you add her on your favorite list? Yumaganon na conversation sa na yung ready natin, magawa, or into our educators' relationship plus the client's relationship, and we don't do that at the moment.

Speaker 1  16:20
Okay, got it.

Jane Santos  16:22
Yes. Is there anything about the process that isn't documented anywhere? I think it's documented, naman lahat, but yung storage talagan ng documents natin. It's not centralized, kasi my ma sops that are being saved by the managers alone, like yung Google Drive, Langila Jonila store, but that's why I prayed that the knowledge center we're in, as a kayon sa on board, they kasi we have changes from time to time, and it doesn't make sense for me to add the SOP at the moment. We kept on changing, so I want to have a finalized SOP talaga that everyone is really clear before I added on the KC,

Speaker 1  17:21
okay? napkin and teamonic. Aye. Thanks. Say thanks. Na sila sayo, hindi nagasan lang niya tang si Dona

Speaker 3  17:39
Jane. Sorry, nay. Dona li ta ko. Oh,

Speaker 1  17:42
my, my touch base.

Speaker 3  17:52
Sorry, Jane, it's not your notes, ko I'm so sorry very much.

Jane Santos  18:07
Okay, let me check sharing.

Speaker 2  18:17
Okay,

Jane Santos  18:21
yeah. Yes, yes, na, yes.

Speaker 3  18:24
Okay, Natto,

Jane Santos  18:25
yes, ma'am. And let's not forget to change the status.

Speaker 3  18:32
Yes,

Jane Santos  18:33
yes, perfect. Spore,

Speaker 3  18:36
so pag megan nito nay. I know usually actions to be taken along.

Jane Santos  18:40
Yes,

Speaker 3  18:41
so eto I welcome call parent,

Jane Santos  18:45
welcome call parent.

Speaker 2  18:47
Okay, if there's

Jane Santos  18:48
a video, if you're reviewing video, well,

Speaker 3  18:53
okay, got it. Save as wait long, deep on

Jane Santos  18:57
place,

Speaker 3  19:00
so maybe not podcasting a bold data, okay, save, but na save post approve not in the interview, I know yan approve Approve the pause in progress in progress. Okay, okay. Na po. Thank you.

Jane Santos  19:42
Take a break, Mona Janei Saran Kota Kana for today.

Speaker 4  19:47
Okay, sigi, sige. Thank you so much. Okay,

Jane Santos  19:53
if you like, you can just go to the portal and then observe or try to navigate and familiarize the clients under bookings.

Speaker 2  20:08
Okay,

Jane Santos  20:14
lastly, if there is one thing you would change right now, immediately, what would

Speaker 1  20:22
it be? it be beauty contest

Jane Santos  20:26
siguro yung bill billa

Speaker 1  20:32
pouch na param

Jane Santos  20:36
pa or

Speaker 2  20:38
na

Jane Santos  20:38
kangaro yung attacking natin pa for me if there's a power from our ID to really implement the automations that I wanted parang books talaga yung ohhay namin sa onboarding, but I know that it's very impossible, and also I'm a type of person that is always chasing for professional development, so I really wanted to conduct trainings from time to time, refreshers, coaching for me, it's very, very important. Para malama talagan natin yung standing namanga consultants natin, and at the moment, since I don't have enough time to do that, kung pwede lang ma change talaga ya na gadag at that, I'll be given a chance or a time to do that. I would really do it.

Speaker 2  21:48
Okay.

Jane Santos  21:50
Yes.

Speaker 1  21:54
Perfect. Okay. Dona Lay. I easy po pa na processes para after Nitto siguro? Just let me know,

Jane Santos  22:12
but so far, joy, based on your, based on your observation, and have had multiple conversations with Liam and Sophia as well. What have you noticed so far with our processes?

Speaker 1  22:28
Actually, hindi ko pa yung agree akhal sa yung din sa knowledge base a na ano tawang dito na dapat mas madali siya talaga nada, pag isang repository na kasi yung hirap ng maraming docs apos sahana pin mo pa na parang di ba? Soganon pa

Jane Santos  22:56
would you also agree? Kasi to talagang pinagalaba niko for years is that I like to be organized, and so if planning to do something, it has to have an agenda. In that way, we have time to prepare, and yun, yung prepared kalang talaga when we jump on a meeting, and all meetings should be scheduled ahead of time.

Speaker 2  23:27
Okay.

Jane Santos  23:28
Yes, kasi, if you notice di ba from time to time, you need to jump on a meeting, you need to do this, and I like it to be scheduled. Para kasi may ano na tayo action plan na tayo during the day, and my mind is already set on the things that I need to do during the day, and if there are any scheduled meeting, meaning to say mad, delay yung gagawin namin during the day di ba, and we wanted to be as productive as we can, but then if there are any scheduled meeting, at least we can adjust the things that we need to be action during the day.

Speaker 2  24:10
Okay.

Jane Santos  24:15
Hindi naman talaga, ma, a was sa that there are things that need to be discussed urgently, but if it's more into planning on something, whether it's for processes, whether it's just an announcement that needs to be announced, at least, man lang it's scheduled.

Speaker 1  24:41
Okay, perfect. Oh, parang feeling life. Now, both of course, our consultants and educators, so human automation, I am feeling, go in this nadum, and k, you've run Raj Chaka yung IT team feeling ko, may map I dinna ko yung yung idirection ng gawin.

Jane Santos  25:10
Yes,

Speaker 1  25:12
yes, along yung kasi medja matagal napan sin ko, matagal yung wait time pag sa kanila ya assign.

Jane Santos  25:19
Yes, that's true. Tagal talaga, and we have to constantly think of a temporary solution, and then it will create yung para maguloha talaga si consultant if in between of our current process may, Mama processes ayo in parala mag work yung trabajo natin, which is hindi talaga si efficient

Speaker 1  25:50
day and age of AI di ba masoch ay na na ano. Okay, yeah, yun ng naman yung questions ko pa di na tayo mag and move on jail, because sayo, okay, let me know the retro parang may ke naha kapang malaman joy, or whatever, but so far

Jane Santos  26:25
sa onboarding gets mo naman talaga yung goal namin yung mama challenges namin stuff like that. Okay, I'm not sure with the bookings team na na Bayani Sophia, or Walapa,

Speaker 2  26:51
or are you planning to

Jane Santos  26:52
sit with the booking manager? Pa si yung mag explain sa yung what do you think

Speaker 1  27:01
Hindi ko pa so mag degree shout ako sa kanila Adian and Lorie separately para magingian karen fully kya sa Shion presila yung dag akh. Sorry, kailangan amino, sorry me

Jane Santos  27:18
da

Speaker 1  27:19
kan ng medangana

Jane Santos  28:37
Callamba Chand Joya.

Speaker 1  28:49
Ayan akhay na so sorry too big lang naman

Jane Santos  29:01
okay, so slowly I'm going to ask for you to think of some suggestions, then and then see if what are the things that we can fix temporarily, or what would be the things that we can fix long term as well, and then, if my man, if there are things that you want to discuss with me, reach out, Lang Joy, in that way, Mama, help kita Jan. I'm not sure if you still have more meetings, but you can take as many times as you want while doing the things that you want to do based on our conversation

Speaker 1  29:52
so ano lang feeling ko lang talagay need to have sit down din with Adrian and Loria, so magigandi siya tako sahan nila today, tapos yun para siguro pagma may additional questions pa ka sabihin kita

Jane Santos  30:15
ag gal. Okay,

Speaker 1  30:19
now thank you so much. The

Jane Santos  30:23
remaining time for almost 30 minutes training natin waste the time to navigate the portal. Be sure to familiarize the centers as well, and then tomorrow we'll be doing the same thing, but next week I will start to send you some tasks, and then let's take it from there, okay? Say, hey, gay girls. Thank you so much for your time. I'll leave you, thank your mom. Thank you.

Speaker 5  31:00
Alright, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai