Sophia Arwae  00:00
It's a bit, you know,

Joy Victoria  00:02
that's right. Oh my god, think that's a very, very good, like, habit to have.

Sophia Arwae  00:15
I'm trying, but the hardest part is not the gym itself, is the eating habit. I can't really, I don't really eat a lot, so it's really hard to force myself to eat a certain amount of protein where I need, so yeah, I'm relying on protein shake. Do you

Joy Victoria  00:44
with your parents? Or

Sophia Arwae  00:46
yeah, I live with my parents too. Asian kid,

Joy Victoria  00:51
yeah, I know, right. That's good. I actually still live with my mom. This is their ancestral home,

Sophia Arwae  01:01
okay. yeah, yeah. I mean, it's a good culture. I mean, after all, we're still their kids anyway. We're still gonna be

Joy Victoria  01:10
home still. I, I know we're not like the Western people.

Sophia Arwae  01:17
Yeah, they have different culture than us.

Joy Victoria  01:21
Yeah, they like leave right away. Okay, all right. Where do you want to start?

Sophia Arwae  01:28
Let's start with, let's have a quick wait. I think let's start with the onboarding manager team structure first, because it seems like you already talked to Jane, we already know what she's doing, and so therefore it's easier for us to have or to make some changes with that with Laurie Pal and Adrian Part, we'll visit that when you have a chat with them about that, so I did leave some notes. It seems like the job responsibility, or the structure that James shared with yourself, it's the structure that what Jane is doing.

Joy Victoria  02:11
Okay.

Sophia Arwae  02:12
Yeah, can you help me share your screen? Cool.

Joy Victoria  02:18
Oh, no problem. Yeah, you're still working on your iPad.

Sophia Arwae  02:22
Yeah, the network hasn't been fixed.

Joy Victoria  02:26
I'm going to share my screen. Oh, and also, let me, before we get into that, let me just run you through the project management tracker that we have. I know that okay. Let me zoom in. Okay, I know that Liam had a bit of comment on this one, but in reality, it's for the both of us. It's not actually for him to like review because it'll be like our job to actually do the follow ups with him or or whoever it'll be so yeah I just actually realized that when he started deleting those projects in there, but I think we

Sophia Arwae  03:23
should remove the access, remove his access to this one, and then we add those things back. What do you think? Because the point of this tracker is just so that we can have a whole picture of our project, right? And then, yeah, I mean, I know that he's going to act on his part soon, but we're still going to need that as a reminder for us that hey, Liam still need to do this, and then with a certain time, if there is no update from Liam, then we can follow up with him. There's one thing with Liam, actually, there's a lot of things in his mind,

Joy Victoria  04:03
yeah,

Sophia Arwae  04:03
and sometime honestly he might forget things. So, yes, for our own sake, let's add those things back there, but we remove his access, so he don't, you know, have to be bothered, because

Joy Victoria  04:17
he feels the pressure if he sees his name there, so we can just let him know that you know this tracker is just for us, so I can actually already do

Speaker 1  04:30
that. Yeah, okay, so remove access, get and

Joy Victoria  04:44
the healthcare unit back as I still have a view of the history and you don't have to worry about that so I can show you this first before we go into the onboarding manager role so for our and I know you understand this, I just want to, for

Sophia Arwae  05:09
you're breaking out a bit.

Joy Victoria  05:12
Okay, let me see what else I can accept here.

Sophia Arwae  05:20
Would that help if you mute your camera, or does it? It has. Oh, yeah.

Joy Victoria  05:26
Okay, yeah. Let me turn on my, turn off my camera. Okay, I think that's better. Thank you.

Sophia Arwae  05:33
Oh, good.

Joy Victoria  05:35
So I just wanted to, because I realized that we have a lot of action items after we meet, which are not main projects, right, because the main projects are like huge high-level overviews of what we want to achieve, so it's like, you know, there are a lot of aspects to one, just one project, so I just wanted to make sure that you know we're on the same page on main projects on this tracker, and then I created like another tab here for action items for the both of us, so I just transferred the action items from our June nine meeting here from the email that I sent, and then you know it's just for the two of us, you know, if you want to add a task for the day, all you have to do is just put in the task here, it can be our go-to to-do list for the day, maybe, and then if it's like related to a project, we can just put in the project ID here, just so we know that. Okay, so we're doing this so that we can achieve this, and I did add a date started and done. So, yeah, so it's up to you if you want to add to this, or if you want to go down through it, and delete some stuff. You know, this is ours. This is both of ours, just to keep track of what we need to do for the day. Feel free to put in done check marks in here, and I also, because the note taker automatically noted that you mentioned to review the educator time sheets and ensure educators are paid on time. It's just a regular to-do. It's not really related to our project. We can still add that there, and then you can just put in if it's done, date started, and then date done. So it's pretty simple versus the project tracker, which is like your overall high-level tracker. This is just like simple checklist for daily. What do you think about this? Do you think it'll help? Or

Sophia Arwae  07:57
yeah, yeah, I think this will help. I, yeah, with the tracker, it kind of like show us everything that we have to work on in the future. This one, it might create us a little bit more, a clearer picture for the urgent task that we need to get done. So, yeah, I agree, this is good.

Joy Victoria  08:16
Okay. Thank you. And feel free to edit whatever, really delete lines, okay? You know, or add just like for today. So, complete.. completed the.. what was that? The checklist,

Sophia Arwae  08:34
okay?

Joy Victoria  08:34
So, onboarding kit that Liam requested, so onboarding kit, something like that, and then just assign it to yourself the date. Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? Let me freeze this. You know what,

Sophia Arwae  08:55
since we're talking about the onboarding kit, it's part of the thing I like to discuss. I think we might have misunderstood Liam a little bit. I think what Liam meant by the onboarding kit is what has the on the new team or the onboarding team know and don't know about the company in the sense of what task can they do now and comfortable to do it independently, and then what tasks that they haven't understand or know a bit about that, but not really comfortable to do that. I think that could be one thing that he mentioned as well, because I believe after that he talked about something along the line with training schedule. So I think what he wants is because the new team member, like Donna, Sheena, Mary, and then Jillian, they have started for a while, I think it's more than a month,

Joy Victoria  09:50
yeah,

Sophia Arwae  09:51
and they've been working independently on themselves, but the thing is with Liam's concern, he wants to make sure that they are know exactly what they are doing in our company, not just the onboarding part now, since because Liam asked Jane if the new team already know how to answer the inbound queue and all of this stuff, and she said yes, which is true, because they know how to answer the call doesn't really mean that they're good at it yet, and yeah, the most core is about the onboarding. There could be some core that's a little bit different, like someone asking about taxation, someone asking about the superannuation. I do not think that they have that level of understanding yet, but I could be wrong, of course. And then eventually Liam wants them to do the email, because there's consultant who's responsible for email for shared support. I think Liam also wants to make sure that these all those new consultants know how to do those? Yes,

Joy Victoria  11:05
actually you're right, because it's a kit, right? It's like a whole package only that is actually already part of training, so since earlier he was like very explicit about, and I've also worked on like, like, say onboarding new hires before in training, and usually when you say kit, it's usually just a simple checklist for somebody to set them up on tools, so it's something simpler, but I actually agree with what you, you know, you mentioned Liam also included that, so it should be also part of our, I think that's that is a project versus like an action item for now, because it's like a huge thing for us to know the understanding of the new hires that we bring in. We have to have a whole training program, and that training program should include other than the training schedule, other than, you know, the basic curriculum, or the things that we need to teach them. It also includes knowledge checks and progress reports, so it is a, it is a bit complex, and we can add that to the project, because I agree we should have that. I'm also feeling that we need it soon, because I've heard a lot of, yeah, we can finish the team structure discussion first, but I've heard a lot of, I'm foreseeing right now that we may hire some more folks, and we should already have this prepared, but yeah, so

Sophia Arwae  13:25
project already, but then yeah, we can work on that after the onboarding structure. I think what we'll do instead, we review all of the onboarding first, revise that first, revise the onboarding team first, and then once that's done, I with the onboarding team structure as well, not only we going to visit what they're doing, but we're also going to visit what they are actually responsible for the daily basis, like when are they in charge of doing inbound, where when is the time that they're going to actually do their onboarding stuff like that, and so when we understand that, then we can kind of like talk to them, see the level of the understanding on each task, and I think, then that's when we can start draft things that we need to train them about, what are the things that they're not yet understand, or something if they like really need help about, but yeah, we'll work on that after team structure, then

Joy Victoria  14:36
yeah, that's actually correct, so I agree, we, there's a lot to do, but yeah, I was just showing you how you can maybe add some tasks as an example, and then it's up to you how you want to do it, just both of our trackers for action items. Okay, there you go. So let me go into your comments, so let's start here. We review daily structure that I have shared in revising, okay? So you shared,

Sophia Arwae  15:13
I think we can review this at the later time after we go over like the item below. I only add it there because for me to leave a comment. Sorry.

Joy Victoria  15:25
Okay, so this should be changed to 11 to 7pm and we got OB consultant one to OB consultant one and two is responsible to OB call that comes through inbound help with inbound traffic and email, and then the manager. Okay, why do you think the schedule of the manager here is important to start at 11 to seven? Because we also have a couple of folks who do nine to five.

Sophia Arwae  15:57
Yep, the reasons of that is most of the, because in the morning, during that, I actually start from nine until 5o'clock so when they start, if they need any support at all, there's at least two managers there already, myself and then Lorie, and with the reason I want Jane to, not Jane, sorry, the onboarding manager to be on the later time because they are going to be responsible for past delegations, their report, and then you know, doing some assessment in the morning, they, if they were, if we get the the onboarding manager to work together in the morning, then we remove the onboarding consultant to work later in the afternoon, so if that's the case, then there might be less support for the afternoon team, in the sense of like someone who authorized to make a decision, someone who have a little bit more knowledge, or the way to guide the team, if that makes sense.

Joy Victoria  17:06
Okay, I think I understand, because I think this is what also Liam was referring to when he said afternoon am versus pm, but okay. and

Sophia Arwae  17:23
then another reason is whoever's going to be responsible for the inbound queue, they're only responsible until 6pm because that is when the line closed, which means they have another hour to finalize everything. Now, in that case, if the onboarding manager need to make plan for tomorrow or delegate some task for tomorrow, then she can do that during that time. What normally happened is what I saw. Jane normally started work. It seems like she started work earlier than her expected time, so that he can plan out what each consultant's responsibility for the day. I don't think that's a good idea for people to start early to do that. What we can do instead, they can plan the next day, like a day before, which is in the afternoon, and then delegate the next day's pass directly, so

Joy Victoria  18:21
the next day,

Sophia Arwae  18:22
yeah, for the next day, when the consultant one and two started working, if things get quiet with inbound or the morning team didn't really need that much support on that day, then they can just start with that task instead of waiting for the manager to start and then wait for the task at that time.

Joy Victoria  18:39
Okay, that's a very good idea, and my question on my mind when you're saying that was, what about the profiles that come in after hours? So I think that's fine, because that could be addressed like afternoon the next day, as well, right? Yeah. So, okay, okay, this makes sense.

Sophia Arwae  19:06
Yeah, okay. No, that's all. Because, as we talk, we might going to have agent to do more of the quality check in the future, so having the onboarding manager there would really help the afternoon.

Joy Victoria  19:19
Okay, so I don't want to hide this, I want to, okay, there you go. So I want to put a check mark, just to why doesn't the check mark show? Okay, let me just put a smiley face to show that we discussed

Speaker 1  19:35
it. Okay,

Joy Victoria  19:35
all right, this is understood. Okay, let's go, let's go with this one, so team requests for priority suburbs and workforce demands. So you said that this should be discussed with booking manager and you. So, does this mean that there should be like a daily huddle between the managers, like a

Speaker 1  19:59
click? Okay. Okay. yep,

Sophia Arwae  20:04
yeah, I think a daily would be a better idea, but worst case scenario, there's nothing for us to talk about, because everything just went smoothly, which is fine, but if they are something that we really need to fix, at least we know right on the spot, so yeah,

Joy Victoria  20:24
priority. Okay, can be canceled if not. All right, okay. No, yeah, okay. And here, okay, so I think this is pretty straightforward, and still keep this right.

Sophia Arwae  20:48
Yes, that's right. We can revisit this actually after we finalize each consultant's responsibility. What do you think about this? So, what's happening now is when Jane delegate the task to the team. Let's say we have three onboarding consultants. One is like doing 10 video interview, and then move to, like, let's say 20 waiting call, or 20 in progress, and then the other consultant would have a similar task. What I'm thinking.

Joy Victoria  21:21
Yeah, go ahead.

Sophia Arwae  21:22
Yeah, sorry. Would that be better if we let's say we assigned one person doing the video interview, we assign one to do waiting call, or we assign one in the in progress?

Joy Victoria  21:34
Okay. Actually, I would still like to push through the per, you know, the accountability for the specific candidate, so what I would like to do moving forward, and to see happen would be these representatives to be assigned per area, and it should be like distributed in such a way that it's, you know, the weights are equal, like if it's very heavy at Victoria, then we have two representatives for Victoria, and then this person is only responsible for this region. Okay, I would need your help with that. I would need Jane's help with that as well, but I need like a very structured assignment, like a assignment method methodology for assigning the candidates, because it can't just be like, okay, this is the list of video interviews that we have, it should be okay, this candidate is best handled by Donna, or this candidate should be best handled by this representative. And after we do that, we, we discussed this before as well. We have to track how they move this candidate from one stage to another, and how fast they're doing that, so that we have a point of discussion during coaching sessions. Ask them what's holding up these candidates in progress. Right, well, what's holding up these candidates in a waiting activation, so that they have this full accountability for the candidate. The challenge that I see is if the candidate is really difficult, which we should have, like I'm sure that we can come up with policies in there to make it fair for the representative, so it doesn't reflect on the representative's performance, like for example, you've already tried for a week or a couple of weeks, and we see your due diligence, then it shouldn't be taken against your metrics, something like that. So,

Sophia Arwae  23:58
yeah,

Joy Victoria  23:59
what do you think?

Sophia Arwae  24:00
Yeah, I think that's a good idea. One thing that could be our issue, though, it's going to be hard to track on the portal itself. Like, let's say we assign Donna for this certain group of educators, like 20 people, for example. If Donna is gonna follow up this 20, she, she's gonna get lost in like there is no way for us to group a certain people in the portal.

Joy Victoria  24:32
Oh, we can have that requested.

Sophia Arwae  24:38
Yeah, sure. Um, I think what we can do. Let's say what we can add here.

Joy Victoria  24:45
Okay, because we only have these filters.

Sophia Arwae  24:50
I think what we can do, or what we can request, is that we have, we add something that call like assigned, and then we have the profile assigned to our consultant, like this is Donna. Then, when she starts working, then she can just filter what she's responsible for, and that's it. Yeah, okay, that sounds good.

Joy Victoria  25:12
Okay, yeah, I think that's good, and actually had a bit of hesitation, but bringing this up on my meeting with Jane, the reason being, you know, I don't think I don't think it'll be, yeah, I think I think we should just be prepared for whatever her follow-up questions would be. I think, because if it's not going to be easy for her as the onboarding manager, I'm going to feel, you know, yeah, I feel like she's going to do a bit of a pushback on it. So, I haven't raised that yet, but part of my action item is to slowly, like, maybe ask her, as well as the other onboarding representatives, what they feel or what they think about it, get their opinions, just, you know, for them to maybe to get their insights, and just for them to maybe feel that, you know, maybe a change is coming in the future. So,

Sophia Arwae  26:29
okay,

Joy Victoria  26:30
yeah, it's just it's a bit sensitive right now. Yeah,

Sophia Arwae  26:34
yeah, I mean, yeah, that makes sense, of course. Like, if you're going to suggest something, it's always best for us to know exactly how we're going to do that, like for example, if you're going to assign a certain group of educators for like a specific consultant, then we need to know first how we're going to do that, and then I think the best way to do that as well is to first explain to them why we want to do that in the first place, and why do we think that's a better approach for us, but yeah, we, I think I'm gonna need to figure out with Prince first on if that's possible, like to assign our consultant to the educator, I think the answer would be yes, it's possible, the issue would be, how long would that take? I

Joy Victoria  27:24
know, I know, yeah. In reality, I think it'll be easy, because you know, if you give them like a list or a tracker of the list of their candidates, and you know, they can just search them anyway. I mean, that shouldn't be something that would stop them from doing their jobs, because all of their candidates are here, they can simply, you know, they can simply search the filtering part, should be the manager's job, you know, to make it easier for the consultants, so that's what I think my issue here is, how do we transition, because of course all of these consultants, right? I'm sorry, all of these candidates or profiles right now, they aren't owned by anybody.

Speaker 1  28:13
Is it?

Joy Victoria  28:14
Do you think it's going to be difficult to assign them to somebody moving forward, or do you think that that would be okay?

Sophia Arwae  28:25
Yeah, that would be okay. It just gonna be hard when we first launch it, because the onboarding manager have to hand pick who's they're gonna assign to, but after the assignment is done, then it'll be easy.

Joy Victoria  28:39
Okay, yeah, and we have to package it, yeah. Go ahead.

Sophia Arwae  28:43
Sorry, sorry. Um, I think that I will ever say, yeah, sorry, I think what I was trying to explain, it just, yeah, it should be easy, but I mean, of course, that during transition time they might be having a hard, a bit of a hard time in terms of just assigning this educator, but they can hand pick and then hand it over to anyone in the team, and then it should be easier, like after that.

Joy Victoria  29:12
Yeah, I think so too, because the metrics that were shared with me by Jane doesn't really give me a real overview of each consultant's performance, and if I was the consultant, I'd like to know my own performance, you know, I'd like to see how I'm doing, and not just completing a list for the day. So, yep, okay, okay, perfect. It were on the right track here, and for this one, allocate and delegate tasks across the onboarding team. So, I was like, okay, what tasks are you allocating and delegating?

Sophia Arwae  30:00
Yeah, I think that's the top one that we just discussed, the passments like what they're going to do on that day, and then when we review the day to day basis, or, sorry, day to day workflow, we're going to see that each of the onboarding consultant, they can have a slightly different task that they need to do. For example, the two consultants that started in the morning, they might have to be responsible for email earlier, do some of the inbound call, but then later on the day, then they can manage those educators under their assigned, and then with the one more consultant, I think we might potentially need to onboard one. Oh no, we don't need it, we have Isa, so when Isa like kind of like go past her training, then she starts working, so she's going to be an extra consultant in the afternoon for the onboarding team. So those two consultants in the afternoon are mainly going to be responsible for inbound and the onboarding task that they're doing. Again, there's going to be an overlap between them and the morning team, so they don't have to jump on the inbound right away when they start, like when they first start, they can do the follow-up call with those educators that they were assigned to first, and then later on the day, when they all, when the morning team's off, then they can start answering some inbound, but yeah, I think task delegation, it just that it is what Jane has been doing in the morning. If you can see in the the onboarding channel, she normally sends something like June 11 onboarding tasks, and then she's gonna add a comment and assigned each consultant to the task, like something like this. I'm not sure. You

Joy Victoria  32:07
got it. Okay, I think this is good. I'm gonna go ahead and resolve that. So it's pretty straightforward. Okay, so for this one, I'd like to elaborate on this more. Okay, so if you are a manager, part of your job is to manage people or IT, and part of that would be ideally a weekly coaching. It doesn't even have to be daily, it doesn't have to the huddle. The daily huddle is a good practice, but there should be that real one on one session between you and the person that you're managing to talk about performance and create that bond as their immediate manager, so that's what's missing right now, and I feel like we should add that to the responsibility.

Sophia Arwae  33:06
I might have added that on the,

Joy Victoria  33:09
okay, the

Sophia Arwae  33:09
last, I think the comment where Conduct Weekly team catch up. I'm not sure, maybe it's there. Oh, sorry,

Joy Victoria  33:17
sorry. Oh, here, here. Okay, I want this to be done before we have a management meeting on Friday. So, if there's any issue.. Oh, this is great. Okay, so move weekly team catch up to Thursday. Is that the best day?

Sophia Arwae  33:43
Yeah, because what will happen is, we can have our management meeting on every Friday at exactly 11 o'clock, and that is the exact time when the onboarding team starts, right? So, there is no way for us to wait until they start discuss about the challenge, and then we bring up to the management, because the start time was the exact time. What I think was maybe in before they finished the shift, as I said, or during the shift, they can have a team meeting on Thursday, gather challenges, issue that they face, or some urgent things that we really need to fix. Send those things to us, or you know, the onboarding manager can keep it first. Then next day, when we start our onboarding, ah, sorry, management meeting, then she can bring that up, and then we have, like, what are we going to do with those challenges, what we're going to do with the issue that they brought up. Is there any actions planned that we'll take, and then once we're done with that management meeting, the onboarding manager can then let the team know about the progress, if that makes okay. What do you think?

Joy Victoria  34:58
Yeah, I think the Thursday is perfect, but I think the Friday meeting we can move that to a Monday, because if we tell them what they need to do for the following week, you have a weekend downtime, and there will be a chance that you know they forget about it, so the Monday meeting should be something to set the tone for the whole week, so it's a very important meeting for the onboarding manager to really have that first thing on a Monday, to you know, so that's yeah, I think that's it. So we can maybe do like a, like a heads up on a Friday, but not a meeting. There should just be either an email or just a Slack message about what the expectations are, so that when you know Monday comes, they won't be surprised that, oh my gosh, you know, this is what we focus on, so but the Monday meeting should be essential. Okay,

Sophia Arwae  36:18
that's great.

Joy Victoria  36:19
Then apply any updates from the Friday meeting. Okay, fortnightly meeting. Okay, so for the fortnightly meeting, these are for managers only, right?

Sophia Arwae  36:37
For manager to conduct the call listening sessions, we with the team, but that's going to be one on one, for example, so right now the onboarding team has like four consultants, if they're going to do that with Donna, so it's just going to be Donna, the onboarding manager, and then I will be included in that core too, because with the current structure, right, I'm the one who's responsible for conducting those sessions, but I think it should be better if we include their direct manager to be in that meeting as well, so that the direct manager can know exactly where their team are at at this time,

Joy Victoria  37:20
okay, so to give you like maybe some, I want to share like what my experiences before. Okay, so what you're doing is actually already like a senior role, like more senior than what you're doing right now, isn't it? Senior team manager, so the relationship between the immediate manager and the consultant, they should have their own separate one, and then you should have your own separate one with them, but only to observe how the team, how the media manager does the coaching.

Sophia Arwae  38:13
If

Joy Victoria  38:17
that's the thing, is like what you mentioned yesterday, or how you shared with me yesterday, right? It's the title you're all like on the same level right now, and it might create that friction, or whatever, you know. So, what I'm going to do, I will end this. Has been actually going to my head for the last, I don't know, couple of days is to maybe inform Liam that there should be a change of title as well as we go through this structure review, right? You should be on the senior management because right now he's the one, you're the one who he's trusting with with all of these high-level major changes, and you are the one who's communicating with the other managers, so if that's the hierarchy, you should be like senior team manager or senior operations manager, you know. I don't think that Liam is going to mind that if we have, you know, a change like that, but what do you think?

Sophia Arwae  39:28
I think I am already like in the official kind of like statement or perspective. I'm already the senior manager of them, kind of like helping them and stuff. It just the workflow and stuff that we kind of like on the same level, because as I shared, there's some time when they ask them to do something, there's going to be like a question back, like, okay, why do I need to do

Joy Victoria  39:51
this, okay?

Sophia Arwae  39:52
Or yeah, but in the official states, or even in Liam,

Joy Victoria  39:57
okay, so they know, yeah,

Sophia Arwae  40:01
like they know I'm the offer. operations manager, I'm overseeing them, and then help them, if not, but yeah, yeah, then now,

Joy Victoria  40:08
okay, yeah, that's the issue, it should, you know, it should be really, really, it should really stand out on your title, can you know, you should have like some sort of senior in there, because if it's all just managers, it's like, you know, but anyway, that's very good. I would suggest for us to do it that way, though, because since you're already senior, when you have these fortnightly call listenings with them, it should be you observing the manager on how they provide the feedback, how they help the progress of the consultant, because ultimately it's their accountability and responsibility on how the consultant performs. So that's fortnightly, but they should still have that weekly thing on their own,

Sophia Arwae  41:04
okay?

Joy Victoria  41:04
With the consultant, so I want to call this senior, so it's going to be a senior.

Sophia Arwae  41:19
Sorry, Joy, I'm just to make sure I get you right, so with the fortnight meeting it should be the manager, the consultant, and me, but I'm just going to be the one observing them, and then just give them a little bit of an insight if that's needed, but it should be like the onboarding manager to provide that feedback to the consultant exactly,

Joy Victoria  41:45
so you would have your one on ones as well with the managers, right, which is separate. It's up to you if you want to do it weekly or every other week. It depends on how busy they are, but I would suggest weekly, because that would also create like a relationship between you and the manager,

Sophia Arwae  42:04
okay?

Joy Victoria  42:05
And you know, you would also get to know what their feedback is, and keep them, keep them accountable for their own

Sophia Arwae  42:14
teams, okay? Yeah, that sounds good. I think we'll do that weekly instead, then, because normally write it is going to be very quiet in terms of like workflow, like in bank call and stuff. The only main things that we all have to do, like in terms of management things, is just the team meeting or the management meeting, but after that we then can, of course, have this meeting set up where we can listen to the core, and then provide them the feedback. What do you think?

Joy Victoria  42:50
So, okay, yeah, I think that. So, what? So, are you like team manager, operations manager,

Sophia Arwae  42:57
operations manager? Oh, yeah, I think I haven't changed my email signature as well. Yeah, sorry. So this is okay.

Joy Victoria  43:09
Operations manager, too. Okay, so we can just, you can just leave it at operations manager if that's the case, because I thought that it was still team manager. Sorry about that.

Sophia Arwae  43:21
I

Joy Victoria  43:23
have a weekly coaching session with team managers. Okay, and I can even share, like, I know how you'd like to maybe go about this, and I know that you have an idea of how to go about it, you've done that before with them as well, I feel, but I can share with you, like maybe some quick, not really scripts, but like guide on how it's easily done. Team managers are very sensitive, based on my experience, like, like middle line team managers, they're very protective of their consultants as well, on top of being, let's say, like Filipinos, I'm going to share with you, we're very sensitive to feedback, not including me, but I just observe that when you're working with Filipinos, I'm not sure, I haven't observed with my Thai friends as well. My Thai friends are very strong-willed, they're not, you know, they're not as sensitive as us, but you know, they're really, really sensitive, like there, there is a way for us to provide feedback that will be accepted, right? If it's so straightforward, they will sometimes take offense, like how you described it yesterday.

Sophia Arwae  45:03
Okay,

Joy Victoria  45:05
and yeah, I just want to share that with you, just to maybe give you an expectation of how you know how Filipinos are.

Sophia Arwae  45:15
Yeah, that's a good thing to know.

Joy Victoria  45:18
Yeah, yeah, with caution a little bit if we criticize something, because, yeah, not everyone, but most that kind of like

Sophia Arwae  45:34
culture thing,

Joy Victoria  45:36
yeah, it's kind of why, actually, I don't know why, but that's what I've observed for the last years, that when you do your feedback, it's either going to be like a sandwich method where you have to really like butter them up a bit first and stuff like that before you give them the actual feedback, or the opportunity should come from them, or you ask them leading questions for them to come up with what you want them, or what you want to say.

Sophia Arwae  46:12
Okay, okay. New things for me to learn. I'll think about this. I'll notice that hard. it's

Joy Victoria  46:24
a whole dance, and I'm sorry that you know you had to get through that, but I have gone through that with my managers before, so it's more of asking them those questions and making sure that solution comes from their mouth, so they take accountability, so you're going to be like, okay, well, How do you think is this working right now? Do you think there are better ways to address it? Do you think it's effective for the business? Do you think it contributes to your, you know, and then you have to hype them up a bit. Do you think that if you, your career path become, you know, if you're going to be handling more team members in the future? Do you think this is easy for you? You know, stuff like items. Yeah.

Sophia Arwae  47:14
Okay. Okay. Oh, that's a good suggestion. Yeah. Okay. I think

Joy Victoria  47:25
it's crazy, because you have to, you know, navigate,

Sophia Arwae  47:29
yeah, that you know, different culture, different ways, which is understandable.

Joy Victoria  47:36
You know what, in reality, some Americans are like that too. If I compare Americans to Australians, Australians are very straightforward. I mean, mate, they get just.. you just tell you exactly what

Sophia Arwae  47:53
it is. Yeah, I think that's what's happening. Maybe I observe more of their culture and then just apply that to myself.

Joy Victoria  48:02
Yeah. but eventually you know it'll be easier, like after, for example, a couple of meetings where you get to know how they really think, how they respond to you, if they understand how you do things, and then you just tell them what to do. Hey, you know what, I need you to do this. You need to do this. It'll be easier in the future. So, okay, okay,

Sophia Arwae  48:30
that's nice to know.

Joy Victoria  48:33
Okay, for this one, can you tell me more about this? Because I don't think this is happening. Check in with consultants every two hours, but

Sophia Arwae  48:45
yeah, I, oh yeah, I was lost when I was reading that as well, but what I think is what she meant by checking Jane, might check with them individually, like not in the group, like she might reach out to the direct chat asking, "Hey, Donna, like how's your task has been, what have you been doing, like stuff like that. I think the reasons of that is just so that she can understand that everyone is, you know, being active and being proactive in terms of their task, but I do not think that is a needed what we can do instead, because we, as I put a comment, we have the daily check-in in the slide, so for the practice our team has been, yeah, that one, so not that, yeah. Do you see the one that Wiki sent at 6:18pm So that is the, I'd be at the top, and yet, yeah, like that one. So, that is the current format that we're using. So, whatever you're doing, like let's say Vicky is currently doing action in Clickup, and then in progress in Vic. Once she's done this, and then if she moved to another task, then she's going to send another one, like, "Hey, I'm doing this, which should mean that her first task has been completed. But I honestly, I don't think that they are proactively doing this. What I would suggest is, instead of the team manager to reach out to their consultant every two hours, it would be better for them to kind of like let the consultant know that we want to, you know, we want to make sure that you guys are proactive and that everyone in the team is in the loop in terms of what you're doing, what the other consultant is doing who are responsible for this and that at this time, so if we put like this activity like Vicky did, then you know the Jane would know from that, like, oh, okay, Vicky is working on this. When Vicky finished send another one, Jane would see, okay, so Vicky is doing this instead of Jane reaching out to Vicky directly, asking that you know,

Joy Victoria  51:05
so here's my initial thoughts on that. If I were a representative, I feel like that is an added thing for me to do for my managers to be aware that I'm working when I should just be working. I don't know, that's just me. I feel like it's the manager's job to know that they're working. They don't necessarily need to, because that would put a bit of pressure on them, I feel.

Sophia Arwae  51:41
Yeah,

Joy Victoria  51:42
and it's like maybe you would create a bit of, okay, I don't think this company trusts me, because they, you know, they're asking for update for every two hours, and having seen that before, I only. what I would suggest to make sure that our consultants are productive is to make sure that the managers are on top of that, and you, as the operations manager, should trust your managers that they're on top of that. You only, like, maybe call them out

Speaker 1  52:18
if there's

Joy Victoria  52:19
something that you saw that was missed, that's that's really going to be like a real call out, you know, but what led to that is it because you feel like some of the consultants aren't that productive or

Sophia Arwae  52:43
this existed when Jane was the operations manager, and we kind of like inherited that, like, and we just keep doing that since then, but yeah, I believe her concern at that time was she might have limited time at that time with a lot of pressure on her shoulder at that time, it, we never do like the KPI stuff, tracking activities and all of those things, so, so what I think, that's why she came up with this solution of so that we can track exactly what or who's doing what at the specific time,

Joy Victoria  53:21
okay, yeah, yeah, we can maybe revisit that, you know, maybe have a think about what I said as well, because there are better ways for us to measure performance of our team members versus having them, you know, send a message every two hours, like, like, yeah, it's like, you know, I know, yeah, yeah, I think,

Sophia Arwae  53:49
in terms of the activity, we can easily, I mean, for the onboarding team, for me, I think it's very easy to track in terms of call, because you can just go to Webec and see how many here they did today without asking them what they're doing, you know, but yeah, I think yes, I agree with that, and I kind of like agree with, in terms of like, in some sense, when you have to keep sending that every hour, it feels like it becomes part of your task, and then when you feel that, then it creates a little bit pressure for that as well, so yeah, I think we might have to revisit this, but one concern is, you know, we have like different consultants doing the inbound in the like across the day, what normally happened and seems to be an ongoing issue. I don't know if it's the EQ for them or it just me view that as an issue. Some call didn't get answer at the expected time, like they didn't really answer that as quickly as they're supposed to answer. And sometimes we need to call out, like, hey, who's on the queue? You know, I'm not responsible for the inbound queue, but I have it open just so that I can see, you know, but then there is some instances where the call keep going, like for one minute until the call comes back again. Now that I know that nobody's answering the queue, you know, so I think, yes, very

Joy Victoria  55:21
valid.

Sophia Arwae  55:23
Yeah, I think, yes, we can revisit this in terms of the normal task, but maybe we can keep it for just the inbound, like, hey, I'm on the inbound now, like something like that.

Joy Victoria  55:35
Yeah, yeah, actually, I think that's good.

Speaker 1  55:38
It

Joy Victoria  55:38
also is the manager's responsibility to call that up, like if you, as a senior manager, you saw that without the manager seeing it, then you call out the manager, you know? I didn't. Oh, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  55:57
And that is almost like, if you're not too busy, then you can just answer it.

Joy Victoria  56:03
What is that real? Yeah, I think you score a

Sophia Arwae  56:08
bit up there. My visit, I think that's last month I was doing my task and just doing.. I mean, yes, I can answer that if it's required me to. I would definitely answer that, but I'm just doing the report, and the call keep bugging me, you know. And then, and there's like, hey girl, like I think someone else called out first about why the call keep ringing, and then I just tag the responsible person who's supposed to answer the inbound at that time. It's like, hey, are you guys on the, like, the inbound or the line on the queue, I don't know what was the words at that time, but then I got a spotlight. If you're not too busy, you didn't help

Joy Victoria  56:50
you with this. Don't worry, once we roll out, like maybe our final team structure, we can go ahead and really set expectations. I don't have any issues, you know, asking senior members. I don't even have issues asking owners to do things, so okay, I like that. Yeah, so I can help you with that, because calls are very, very important, especially inbound calls. I've been with companies before that really flag you if calls are not answered within the first five seconds, and they're really on top of it, so inbound very valid, but it should be called back real time. There shouldn't be any, like, you know, it shouldn't even get to you, you shouldn't even know about missed calls, because the inbound manager, whoever should be responsible for that, but we are at time meeting with Adrian. Okay, let's

Sophia Arwae  57:54
see, but has she accepted your request yet?

Joy Victoria  57:58
Yeah, she's accepted my request, but what I can do is I can go over the rest of your comments here later, after our meeting, for my meeting with Adrian, and then I can just, you know, ask you in Slack if I have any other questions now. After that, I can already come up based on our conversation right now, and based on the comments here, I can already come up with the final role and responsibility of the onboarding manager draft, which I'll send to you for final review, so that we can maybe add more things, and we can maybe, you know, edit.

Sophia Arwae  58:37
Okay, the

Joy Victoria  58:38
first draft should be out by the end of the day, so that we have something going for team structure, and then we can resume our team structure meeting next week, since it's Friday tomorrow, you know, has to be pretty long

Sophia Arwae  59:00
for me. Well, I'll start at nine. You mean tomorrow or next Friday?

Joy Victoria  59:04
Oh, next. No, I mean next week, so that we can continue like our team's transfer discussion anytime.

Sophia Arwae  59:11
This is you, as I said, anytime task. Yeah, I can do my test anytime. And, oh, just for a quick update, tomorrow is going to be our monthly monthly meeting with Liam, so yeah, I will try to find out. I mean, the monthly report will be done today, but I don't think I would have, or you, you and I would have enough time to discuss that. I'm gonna add some items that we have been discussed and the action plan for next week, like the child safety and the student, and those kind of things that we hand to the onboarding team to manage. Yeah, but I don't think Liam would expect you to, you know, walk through the monthly report yet. It would just be you observing us tomorrow, but if there's any item that you might get asked about in my monthly report, then I'll send you a message about that first, or email you first, that maybe you might need to prepare in that area, mostly just about our project.

Joy Victoria  1:00:11
Okay, that's great. And then just let me know if you have any other questions. If there's anything that you need for me, I see that you have a lot of to-do's that you need to complete. If you feel like it's something that I can help with, I have, I think, the band would tomorrow and next week. I no longer have the training hours blocking me, so we can start blocking those hours for shadowing the morning people, and yeah, we can get into it, yeah.

Sophia Arwae  1:00:42
Okay, we can do this.

Joy Victoria  1:00:45
All right, awesome. Hey, it's great. The time flew again, and

Sophia Arwae  1:00:51
I know, okay. But thank you so much for that.

Joy Victoria  1:00:56
No problem. I'll talk to you later, Sophia. Bye.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
Okay, bye. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai