Speaker 1  00:00
The floor,

Jane Santos  00:01
okay? Before I answer all of your questions, gonna ask questions. Mo na para ano natin talaga. First off, I wanted to make sure if you really understand kung ano yung responsibilities mo when you are going to really step in, para hindi ka malo ka din po ano kayong gagawin mo? Are you just mainly fixing our internal processes, or ano padalaga yung gagawin? Are you clear on your responsibilities?

Speaker 1  00:38
Yeah, here naman, so the responsibility that Liam gave me was as a business consultant is to look at the overall business and part of that is of course learning the process and making sure that whatever projects I propose would be para talaga sa business hindi yung kasi there are some projects that maybe to be nothing it will work for an ecommerce business but not staffing business, so that's the reason why I'm trying to learn more about each department, and one of those would be onboarding tapos yang siya phase zero palang tayo.

Jane Santos  01:30
Yes, more on business nata talaga, you won't be like overseeing each, and you won't be also doing such recordings. Hindi ka mag ko call na ng candidates, or if

Speaker 1  01:48
yes, pero may parang isang help long nahimi siliang. I think it's a re-engaging project, pero if a finalist pana minyan, so yeah,

Jane Santos  02:07
okay, alright, perfect. And then, so yesterday, based on your summary with meeting with Sophia, may I know the reason why you went through the onboarding process again, kasi parang na part of that's already part of our training

Speaker 1  02:30
that's already part of our training, hindi naman siya ano parang pala kami muy siya dong habang time nadi ni discussing onboarding process italan yung sa onboarding part, tapos. I just wanted to hear it also from Sophia, kasi sabi na. I think na ko sa ko yung dalawa na, instead of us, you know, the two of us meeting. I think he's the one who's going to explain along to me, kasi we had a meeting. Tapos, yeah, she just went over it with me real quick. That was in long, young summary. Yeah, just based on Sophia's POV point, and yeah, and experience. And when I started asking, of course, additional questions, wanted to know more, the non-ya sinabi na, I think it's best for Jane to answer those questions. Yan,

Jane Santos  03:29
you are okay.

Speaker 1  03:30
Yes,

Jane Santos  03:31
so you were able to discuss the team pending tasks and project educator engagement. Did you also mention about the monthly report review, because I asked her, "What's your agenda for yesterday? Kasi, like I said, I don't like it repetitive, kasi we want to make sure na oh ano yung agenda it's different from mine, so na sabi niya na ba yung monthly report review

Speaker 1  04:00
no ah Shiner can you monthly report, but she did not go through like how it's done or where the numbers come from, so Hindi wouldn't go into it

Jane Santos  04:16
right, as well as the team structure, I think, and John Paciasa action items

Speaker 1  04:22
team structure is we'll have a meeting later to discuss the team structure and tomorrow as well,

Jane Santos  04:32
okay. All right, yeah, so let's go through with your questions for me. The first one is, How to decide which consultant gets assigned to which candidate, is there a system or is it done manually? Yes. So I'm going to show you how it works.

Speaker 1  04:54
I perfect, love it. Okay.

Jane Santos  04:57
Yes. Say you say hi, natin yan para ma. You will understand really, kasi pag ano lang chikahan lang ng plane. Okay, so on a daily basis we have our onboarding channel, we're in dito talaga po nalagay namanga onboarding. sorry, young roles and responsibilities. Okay, so the first thing that I always do is 30 minutes before my start time, I want to make sure that is there are there any requests from the bookings team to prioritize suburbs, kasi in Victoria. We have a lot of applicants at the moment, and ayo ko naman na yung consultants, they will be spending a lot of their time chasing applicants. Kung wala pa naman talagang. They haven't really started doing anything on their onboarding, and so what I'm aiming for is check ko talaga kuna yung mama priority suburbs that has been requested by the bookings team, so if wala naman work was still lorry, let's say for example in Eastern week, medyo challenging talaga siya to fill in Victoria kasi madaming ELC or childcare area, so yung competition talaga is really high, and most likely ko ti dinyong educators natin, so if Lori and her team are struggling to fill in the book, so we want to make sure that Yun Yung target namin dun sa Victoria di na ng applicants,

Speaker 1  07:11
okay,

Jane Santos  07:12
and if there's none naman, if ula naman talaga prioro, then what I'll be doing next is to review the Fire Flicks video reviews, so check the Higher Flicks interview, so it will see Higher Flicks. I would go to the casual educator, kasi to yung space for it, manga educators that we have invited, and the educators that we need to evaluate, so sila yung mga nagsis set na or nag submit ng video.

Speaker 1  07:57
Okay,

Jane Santos  07:59
yes, so currently we have 13, and since Donna, Sheena, and Jillian, they are doing that particular task, kasi other team members are doing another task as well, pero isay saininiyan, so there are three consultants that are mainly working for the video assessment task, and normally during the day, depending on some numbers, so let's say it's just 13. When I open the Higher Flicks earlier, it was 22 so I just divide it into three, let's say by three, so that's seven each, so obviously naman you experience doing the video assessment di ba, it takes time to really review checking the profile, making sure na when we are going to contact them. Naka cover na lahat is a hung conversation na lang. So normally checking the video and doing the vertical, it will take them at least 20 to 30 minutes to finish just one applicant, so I don't want them to be bombarded with videos as well during the day, so normally I would just give them at least five to six videos to be assessed. Para may magawa pasilla the rest of their shift. So today, if we are going to check Sishina, Jillian, and Donna, they have six profiles each. Para may enough time pa silag to do other tasks at the moment. Sisina, she is a backup for both main incoming and OB calls. What does that mean? Is that my extension tayo idea?

Speaker 1  10:15
Okay, can we log in? Na rin pala kamin yan.

Jane Santos  10:19
I'll be requesting, or I think Sophia will be requesting once we have. Okay, okay. So we have two queues, which is main incoming and one boarding call queue. So submit incoming, na talaga na inbound. If you are going to take that, that the my inbound, you will be receiving it, obviously, with the morning team, since they'll be focusing on just bookings, general inquiries. They don't have enough time to do the vetting call themselves, kasing a very rush hour bookings team. So we just recently added on morning call queue in that way on a day for the traffic ng inbound is if it's for vetting call then our team will be receiving those calls instead so they can just transfer the call instead and then come in a young pagi take care applicants, okay. Yes, so that's Sheena. Sheena is being assigned to do Hirefls, and also she'll be a backup for both main incoming and onboarding calls, so if my Maga transferred calls automatically, she can also answer those calls while they are doing other tasks. Next is she'll be helping with the emails as well. If you have emails every single day, so hindi kaya nagi sa consultant lang to manage the box, so I have Sheena to back up Mary, which is Mary is from the bookings team, so inyong maginagawa niya, and then we have Jillian as well, higher flicks, and then the betting call if doczcnnnting, bug, Clnros, Clnt, Cned, Ring, ag so we have 85 candidates, and then what I do is we just filter it with the last activity date, para ma kapag catch up talaga kami sa standard namin na every after two days talaga yung follow up na kailangan, but then since we have different priorities for the past few weeks, then we cannot really aim for the every afternoon days na follow up, so that's that. I just checked kung ilan talaga yung total, and then ano, yung a priority na dates, so let's say, for example, from june 3, not in the touch base, but I assign her until June 7, so at the seventh lang I want to make sure na hindi sila super bombarded kasi alam kunana they are being assigned to do hier flex which is it will take them some time to do the assessment and everything in between so goal ko talaga it should be less than 30 if they are doing venting and in progress.

Speaker 1  14:05
Okay,

Jane Santos  14:07
so that's done. And then after or starting 3pm Melbourne time, Jillian and Donna will start to back up incoming and open calls. The reason why I did that is since Mas Padam is silang era reach out for vetting or even in progress, para magawa manila yung mga albod calls pinapa backup sa main incoming, so once they are almost done with this particular task, then they can start putting themselves on avail para sa main incoming, so that's why I put them at 3pm

Speaker 1  14:50
Okay, alright,

Jane Santos  14:52
yes. So that's it. And then once I have understood ko ano yung priority natin during the day, then I just delegated the tasks for Ad C and Vicky Silata Laga, si si Ad Sikasi is the quality manager, so for the quality I think it's part of your question, parang make sure that answer for your question,

Speaker 1  15:29
parang nasagut, mana

Jane Santos  15:32
si ke okay, but for Adrian mainly siya yung nag-ju check talagan ng quality, so let's say, for example, a waiting activation. Okay, let's review someone's profile, so every tab needs to be checked by either Vicky or Adrian, but see Adrian talaga most likely nagy check, so sa personal details kalang napat fitna ka fill out na yung mga details yung contact kahat lahat, and then what she'll be doing is to review the references again, if it has been approved by another consultant. Part of her job is to review it again to make sure lang that we don't miss anything, or pasano, but talaga, yung reference may applicant, the documents needs to be rechecked all the time, so even if it's being reviewed by a consultant, it has to be reviewed by Adrian Para talaga solid yung mga documents na upload natin, and then lastly, for the interview, she doesn't really have to review everything sa video, just as quick ano lang review, probably the first part, see if, okay, talaga yung coms or na answer, but talagang educator yung question att, so that is just making sure the quality of someone's profile is ready to go live for Vicky Naman. I mean, Silatalagan Dalawa na gee inbound, Indian, so la yung mga thank you sa afternoon, and Vicky, I always put her on in progress, kasi mabilisia, and section written here natin, so it's easier for her to read the documents and to follow up our educators, so

Speaker 1  17:47
like si ad si si me a tayo na two years

Jane Santos  17:53
si ad si almost two years then joined as well as Lori for since September 24 Vicky Mago one year na yan and Jillian Dona proper joined Lani La three months ago on our pickup as well, pong teaching na natin dito sa ni Knowledge Center, the young space nagginaga SOPs and stuff like that team members.

Speaker 1  18:36
Okay, nice join ng pala nila. So, sin ng gumagawa ng job dilan ng wala pasilla

Jane Santos  18:43
para kaming talawa ko soldas that we let go kasi hindi talaga ah happy si Lian in terms of their performance stuff like that you already added employment date lahat lahat na yan everything para naman mayyang Thank

Speaker 1  19:04
you. This is very nice.

Jane Santos  19:08
I'll be adding your members

Speaker 1  19:12
consultants profile. Okay, perfect.

Jane Santos  19:24
I'll be asking your work from home setup as well, just to, you know, for documentation purposes, perfect yarn, so that's that. Laga, that we have

Speaker 1  19:50
information, dapat lahat, maganda kasi para requirement ano

Jane Santos  19:55
requirement talaga ya

Speaker 1  19:58
di bat magande ano ba

Jane Santos  20:03
super okay, so that's that

Speaker 1  20:09
CV kyung tagabagayri niya. Oh,

Jane Santos  20:12
I'm not sure if so

Speaker 1  20:21
in the Melapit Langin, 20 minutes, sa mean nothing.

Jane Santos  20:26
Okay.

Speaker 1  20:30
Yes.

Jane Santos  20:32
Okay. So we did. I answer this part.

Speaker 1  20:39
Yes. Thank you so much. You answered it, and more e x ko na tapos wait lang hat e highlight ko na lang, man ano candidate. How quickly? Okay, so ito more on nagtano kasi aka about yung banana natin ih. itra kung gano habilis yung from the register kung kailan sila na register tapos kung kailan natin si left first tata

Jane Santos  21:14
yes or

Speaker 1  21:15
yes

Jane Santos  21:17
ano talaga the standard that we should be following is a day after they, they registered, but then talagang ano applicants, especially in Victoria, so Hindi talaga tayo makakapag catch follow-up natin, as standard pot at the moment. I am so before Pala. We are tracking kung ila niyong the movement na status in a touch-paste. Namen, and it's creating a lot of work, kasi pag natin track tayo from time to time, but Mataga Lansing consultants to do that, and during the day, so I remove that particular work, because I additional and pay, and a may

Speaker 1  22:16
additional work, Sila, where do you think it will be helpful, like for example, lang no, and Hako ako ng deta na hindi lahailangan mag trap parang makikita ko siya based on the tools that we have helpful.

Jane Santos  22:36
Yes, yes, 100% So I have decided to just stop that, and instead I have our IT team to generate me the reporting instead,

Speaker 1  22:49
and so my report na CIT.

Jane Santos  22:52
Yes, my report.

Speaker 1  22:53
Okay, nice ano

Jane Santos  22:57
consultants

Speaker 1  23:02
first. perfect.

Jane Santos  23:04
Yes.

Speaker 1  23:04
Okay, okay. That's good. That's good. Tapos ito next question, yung parang meron bang contingency plan. For example, nagidi si Dona sini yung backup, something like that, maybe SOP. Okay,

Jane Santos  23:24
we don't have really like the SOP yet, but what I'm doing is that it's an kasi at control of volume emergency, and even though I already planned during the day kung ano yung target natin, but let's say, for example, with Dona, when she had an emergency, and during the day lang siya nag nag notice, so what I did was I just eliminated her task during that day, and mini make sure ko lang kung that the rest of the opie has enough tasks na hinnaman shadow bombarded kasing, my absentee saga, but go in the ng the rest of the onboarding team tasks supposed to be task ni Dona,

Speaker 1  24:12
okay, ayan perfect, tapos etan a saguat, mana tato kasi slack lang nag yung ano di ba yung di May report, okay. Okay, I'm

Jane Santos  24:43
gonna show you the report as well, but that was nothing

Speaker 1  24:48
perfect.

Jane Santos  24:51
Questions, okay? Is there a follow-up

Speaker 1  24:56
two times, Kadiba? Yes,

Jane Santos  25:00
two times lang, and that if they, they are not answering or returning our call, then we immediately put them on not interested.

Speaker 1  25:14
Okay. Nice. Pero Rinary visit din ba natin yung manga, and I like, for example, my times na ay tu mawa kung ni nakatag na ni interested papala siya. Yes, so if verbally it has been said that I am still wanting to proceed with my application, so from that I mean in progress. Okay, perfect. Alright, tapos eto anas sagut mo nato kasi may a sequa link plus yung domain ng email.

Jane Santos  26:00
I think it's very straightforward. Naman, what are the positions that we only accept, which are the room leaders, director, manager, educational leader? Or, if they don't have that option, then putting young trainer, assessor, or coordinator,

Speaker 1  26:20
ang ito yung next question related Shadon, so dins kas mo na first yung email tapos last resort yung calling, I think yung napag discuss namin kaha pony Sophia parang very ano lang natin, no kalang, wouldn't it be faster na instead of back and forth, na sub megihan mo yung ref yun yung ano mour ref referee na yes way ano ano referral kita sagutin mo na yung ano paduga yung kun vari dahil nadeling must probably scale, and be sweet, that our brand saliva. And why do you not recommend that? I experienced the time before na hindi talaga siya feasible, or my

Jane Santos  27:20
yes, so Walatta lakat references before, to be honest. When I started joining Rotal and Walata interview, Walata yung references pag ano lang talaga pag okay, yung documents okay naman ka usab dan automatically. We can just act, however, yun talaga yung para nag sa sacrifice yung quality natin ja napar. How would we really know if this person is reliable or serious? Bata laga siya, what would be the feedback from the from the centers about this particular applicant? So we added the video interview, and we also added the references. Now the reason why I think Liam chose the email form, because at that time we don't have enough consultants to do the reference call.

Speaker 1  28:17
The calls, okay,

Jane Santos  28:19
and as well as now we only have Adrian that does the reference call, so na imagine mo na ka quality pa siya, and references so pakalo ka na sa ay dayan pag Logout yan tro.

Speaker 1  28:36
Okay, alright, so Kier na man siya. Thank you so much. Yeah, tapos eto is dinako dito sa nasa reportin siya parang candidates natin gano kadam sa kanila yung parang nakitigilan pag nalaman nilang may video interviewing di sila ng prophesine.

Jane Santos  29:01
Okay,

Speaker 1  29:02
yeah. just

Jane Santos  29:03
that. If I show you the report,

Speaker 1  29:07
okay, nice.

Jane Santos  29:10
Keep monad natin yan. And then, what does a good day look like for the onboarding team? How do you know at the end of the day that they've had a productive shift,

Speaker 1  29:20
productive shift? Yes,

Jane Santos  29:22
so what I do is since I've been delegating tasks, I created this form for the onboarding team, Kasa before if folks scroll up tayo ha ailla ba ato ETO EOD report, so manual is not, and sometimes it takes me some time to also review, so I created a form for everyone to just simply enter focus their productivity, and then I also double check that Hindi lang ako nag-grear like kung ano yung mong a responses nila. I also, I double check that, so

Speaker 1  30:10
a nice samas mabilis.

Jane Santos  30:12
Oh, so I just wanted to make sure pogilant ko yung getting calls na nagawa nila during the day, and I have to also check that sa onboarding based on the tasks that I delegated, kung nag much, butalagasha progress na ni Rachel Dela, video interview the inbound and the outbound, and yung challenges then, and if they have any other tasks, now this is the young sheet report,

Speaker 1  30:48
Nasha May, Nana Mas Madeling, Dona Report.

Jane Santos  30:53
Okay, see, see, Dona is making inbound, so that's why, let's say that's why Lang Yung onboarding na na complete niya, and along the way you would easily understand naman yung frequency of the tasks that they could take complete or they can complete throughout the day versus the inbox that they have been receiving or the outlaws that they made.

Speaker 1  31:24
Okay, that's good. Tapas meron kang and tag, deta like aka it's a good day today. Kasey na complete nila had something like that or like may, manga days again, ito na la, may madis, mana hindi nilam naka complete kung task nila.

Jane Santos  31:52
So far, if I'm being honest, joy, I'm really happy with the team, kasi pretty much every day talaga nako complete nila yung pang a task, perfect. Yeah, it's making my life so easy, kasi I don't really have to push them na hui kailangan mo talaga, blah blah blah, kasi pa ko compare ko talaga yan agat the next day ano yung diligate kung natas a day before compared to the next day, Makikita po talaga na my movement. Hindi lang naga enter, lang sila na baba es na numbers

Speaker 1  32:30
sa kanila parang coaching session, nanan para sabi and sila na. Oh, ito, you did really well on this day, manganan.

Jane Santos  32:42
Yes, every day, talaga yan.

Speaker 1  32:45
Okay,

Jane Santos  32:46
we have here part of my job is conducting a onboarding

Speaker 1  32:54
team model at 11am

Jane Santos  33:01
Yes, okay, ana

Speaker 1  33:02
sasa bay. sa bay mo talaga. Perfect.

Jane Santos  33:05
Oh, so goal potala guys to acknowledge their accomplishments. Kahi ko di pa yan. I think it will help them to be motivated during the day before they start their tasks. Alam na nila mo ano yung gagawin nila ano yung focus namin ano yung goal namin during the day, and I always remind them that if the inbound gets really crazy, wag natin, nay, super push talaga naku in my own boarding papa, ganon ganon, the number will tell us naman if you're doing your task or if you're being productive or not, and

Speaker 1  33:44
historic training, namin, I mean, kasi champre iko yung nagma man niya onboarding king tasiko pa inety training,

Jane Santos  33:57
so if I may, honest joy, that's that is why I think Liam already mentioned this, that I'm stepping out, right? That's why we are really hiring you.

Speaker 1  34:09
No,

Jane Santos  34:13
okay. Sorry, that's the reason why we really hire you. We need your help, kasi backstory lang. When I started

Speaker 1  34:26
week lang week lang, I need to take a na

Jane Santos  34:30
ano

Speaker 1  34:30
drink water. Your joke, my aka

Jane Santos  34:37
wind, yeah. So back story mo na tayo para may ano ka my overview kasa what happened. So, when I started Raw Talent Wala talagang structure yung company, there's no such thing as SOPs. There's no such thing as there are like yung koko focus kami into one thing, pasal and okay

Speaker 1  35:05
post, kung recording a kailangan

Jane Santos  35:08
sure sigigopa sa ano sa marine natin, ma ano yan capture yan

Speaker 1  35:18
a naka a stop ko mo na sorry, sorry. sorry


Transcribed by https://otter.ai