Speaker 1  00:03
Hello, I'm so sorry, Naman, okay. Second enacted Nina ako nakay, parang masakit function ko. It's like, yeah, baka nilamin kasi medyo malami gling king. Oh, my gosh, okay, lang naman na yung kang ng shang again. Food kasi ba kala lalo Okay, so I now medio may additional questions now. Ko, no, nag explains his opinion about the onboarding process, having a shouting out, say a physician pay economy. iton naman yung managers sa onboarding, and we will know exactly how to answer tapos. Also, get your ano 1000, your insights based dito sa questions ang gold million is to be able to integrate processes now, maybe improve ng numbers natin, lalo na yung ano niya yung goals niya na ma pata assume yung booking rate on musa ni tala Who best to tell me what's going on? So your questions kojan ano lang yan m a lang yan, pero yung reality ko sa ma talaga marining yung siguro yung thought small on how to improve. Yeah, I okay lang gra record record.

Speaker 2  02:59
Ah,

Speaker 1  03:04
translate chart English now one moment, but also would like to know Stan Morin SA current itong changes naya gonna company steps in the we're all on the same page, so my with lang ayan siguro ayan ang to join na siguro, parang may note taker na mag to join Oh, I mean, if you should, you know, that initial Okay, perfect. Okay, let's go ahead and start. I'll give you the floor, you Sure,

Speaker 3  05:08
sure, I'm

Speaker 1  05:37
Yep, here in the mind, so the responsibility that Liam gave me was as a business consultant is to look at the overall business, and part of that is, of course, learning the process and making sure that whatever projects I propose would be para talaga sa business hindi yung kasi there are some projects that maybe sabi ni natin it will work for an ecommerce business but not staffing business, so that's the reason why I'm trying to learn more about each department, and one of those would be onboarding given shop as a face zero palang tayo no okay correct. Yes. Pero may parang isang help lang nahi ni si liyan. I think it's a reengaging project, pero finalized Panamin Yun, so yeah, I Yep, that's already part of our training. Hindi men, si ano parang pala kami muy siya ng habang time na din is kasung onboarding process italang yung sa onboarding part tapos, I just wanted to hear it also from Sophia. Kasi sabi niya, I think na ko sa kay ndala wak na instead of us, you know, the two of us meeting. I think she is the one who's going to explain na lang to me, kasi we had a meeting. Tapos, yeah, she just went over it with me real quick, just based on Sophia viewpoint, and yeah, and experience, and when I started asking, of course, additional questions, wanted to know more, I think it's best for Jane to answer those questions,

Speaker 3  08:30
yes, I

Speaker 1  09:00
No monthly report, but she did not go through like how it's done, where the numbers come from, so Hindi wouldn't go into team structure is to have a meeting later to discuss the team structure, and tomorrow as well,

Speaker 3  09:33
I

Speaker 1  09:53
Perfect. Okay.

Speaker 3  11:00
No. Nothing. Okay.

Speaker 1  12:56
Okay, I Okay, I

Speaker 3  13:35
Okay.

Speaker 1  13:55
Yeah, correct, I Oh, thank

Speaker 3  15:02
Okay.

Speaker 1  15:15
I pray nagin na rin pala kamin yun apa

Speaker 3  15:24
Okay, all right. Hello.

Speaker 1  16:24
Okay, I

Speaker 3  17:55
Certainly I Okay, I Evening, thank

Speaker 1  19:04
Okay, I'm I think Okay, all right, all That's Connect connects a good one, actually, I

Speaker 3  21:21
We're here, okay. I Okay, I'm

Speaker 1  22:45
See, I see Si Mia, no, two years I Oh, nice.

Speaker 3  23:35
Okay, nice. Kaga join lang pala nila sa sin ng gumagawa ng job dila ng wala pasi. Oh,

Speaker 1  23:54
okay. Oh, nice. Oh, thank you. This is very nice. I'm the leg members consultants profile. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 3  24:22
Oh, my. head

Speaker 1  24:34
said requirement di ba lahat maganda ano ba When 20 minutes. Yes, yes. Thank you so much. You answered it, and more. We ax po na talkos wait. How could you? Okay, so ito more on nag tanong kasi ko about yung kung pano natin it track kung gano kabulis yung from the register kung kailan sila ng register tapos kung kaya natin si left first tata wa agar or yes

Speaker 3  26:27
Okay.

Speaker 1  27:15
Oh, may additional work till now. Pero, do you think it will be helpful? Like, for example, and Hako ako ng data na hindi nila kailangan ng track parang makikita ko siya, based on the rules that we have ganon helpful basha, okay. and so may report na CIP. Oh, okay, nice. Okay, okay, perfect. Perfect. Okay, okay. That's good. That's good. Tapos ito next question yung parang meron bang contingency plan. For example, nagidiung backup, something like that. Maybe may say sop of it. Okay,

Speaker 3  28:28
okay.

Speaker 1  29:14
Perfect basis. list may report, okay, okay. perfect.

Speaker 4  29:55
Two times.

Speaker 1  30:13
Okay, nice. Pero mere visit din ba natin yung manga, and I like, for example, my times now. I told my invested papalasha Okay, perfect. Okay, tapos eto nessa ko na taka sa may a sequel link plus yung domain no email no. Yeah, next question related shadow, so diniscus mo na first yung email tapas last resort young calling I think discuss namin to happen ni Sophia Pang very ano lang na tano kalang ha wouldn't it be faster na instead of back and forth referee, now ano referral thing, when I know by the going worried the high na delay must probably stay young, Kayla, Miss Mintata. And why do you not recommend that? I experienced the time before na hindi talaga siya feasible, or may I want call from magsabi sa Oh. Okay, I

Speaker 3  33:16
Left-wise, okay, okay.

Speaker 1  33:35
Oh, okay, all right. So, clear naman siya. Thank you so much, tapos, so not curious, the Naco dito sa Nina said reportincia para yung mga candidates natin ganami sa kanilang pang nag nakiti gilan pag nalaman nilang mg video interview sila ng democracy, yeah. Yeah, nice

Speaker 3  34:19
shift. Yes, do I School

Speaker 1  35:46
may the parties go on in the fourth Perfect. Okay, that's good. Tapas meron kang dito, like it's a good day today, kasi something like before, like my mother, my mother is perfect.

Speaker 3  37:00
Perfect.

Speaker 1  37:28
coaching session, we did really well on this day. The language perfect, okay,

Speaker 3  38:11
so so

Speaker 1  38:34
oh I Pero sa training namin, I mean kasi si si onboard kasi ko pa ini kita training di ba? No, what are you talking about? How Wait, lang, wait, lang, I need to take drink water, your joke may at ako pero baki Sorry, sorry sorry. sorry, para mahapag chi ka langgu na tayo agula tako wa ayan okay ghost

Speaker 3  40:52
Oh

Speaker 1  41:12
May previous, oh no, that's the lackey, I Oh, no thing, so I know local parang yung si ng Kay Ryan, Leah Bayon. Oh my gosh, okay.

Speaker 3  41:39
Britain I Waiting Lately

Speaker 5  42:48
Honor

Speaker 3  43:38
Newton You

Speaker 1  44:58
No, I Oh my god, I'm ano so pana yun, so for example, di ba? So Liam asked me to come up with so fees and processes. Pano kung, I come into the same bottle neck na di ba? What more na kasi become makagan? suggested all of these things, that was Dina turned down as my priority. So, is it like the bat? It's going to be like the same hurdle or something, I

Speaker 3  46:44
I, yeah,

Speaker 6  47:00
said no.

Speaker 1  47:08
Oh, it's still sad, kasi you've invested like a lot of your time and effort to the pavi sa role down business na hindi sayo ba

Speaker 3  47:23
ya not

Speaker 1  48:19
so I know my list investment, but anyway,

Speaker 3  49:01
hey. Okay,

Speaker 1  49:19
oh my gosh. Well, I hope naman kasi you're very ano by word nahi nahan parang conscientious naman, and I feel like you're smart enough to open a better door, so Sana Sana ko sa ano man yung kapalet or magiging kapalet. It's gonna be 10 times better,

Speaker 3  49:55
yeah.

Speaker 1  49:59
The serve mo, the serve mo being po, naman kasi I'm seeing, and I've left pi naman my business company na parang lang this graph of the beginning years, because mayhirap nan iwan, pero pag ka nag decide ka na, so I understand you na parang pag nag decide ka na niya pione yung company, there is like a valid nation that's personal to you. So, yeah, para afternoon it opened like better doors for me. So I feel naman, oh, so I feel naman very optimistic, but I'm also very optimistic. Then Mali mo bahamagagin is it mo sa July 15 sul di ba at di ba? Naka kalau ka nala kagu sa ko mono mag stop sa questions ito lain ang natin siguro to pag magre record na lang wali ta king ano pag ma saya saya na naan tayo na sa da ko

Speaker 3  51:41
Thank you.

Speaker 1  52:06
and the bass polong bite this company does not deserve Hindi ka nila dasar Hello. Yes,

Speaker 3  52:50
I

Speaker 1  53:11
That's good. Yeah, it's a good culture. Pero, yeah. When I now saw discussed network onboarding ex como na yan pasto lain ng vo, actually time naya ta natin nano oras na ba ayan maka time na tayo in six minutes, pero.. Oh my gosh, wait, break mo nako, pero I really appreciate your all of you know the time that you've spent sa training si answering my questions, hindi kaya biro mag training, kasi siya pray sa nay ka nadun sa tinuturo matapos, kung ano ni sanong ng ma trainings kailangan kung maging very, very, very patient. So, thank you so much for being patient with us in usmin ka agad di ba? Kasi pag benibibi niyan mo kaming activity na gaga naman namin, so effective hindi garan bayon. Okay, ayon

Speaker 3  55:02
ay. Yet I

Speaker 1  55:27
Hi, yes, we saw Kinakali food manga ano natin drive click up. Go ahead, I Oh, true. Would think a common images na yun di ba? VPN. Namu screenshot.

Speaker 3  56:37
Yeah, we'll see it again. Yeah,

Speaker 1  57:02
okay. yeah, that's perfect. The sin sa name sabihin ko sana by tomorrow Webex, kasi ko sata lang makinig more calls. Okay, so Oh, okay. Perfect. Thank you. Oh my god, thank you. You're so very, very helpful. God bless you. Bye. see you tomorrow. Thank you for your time, Jane. Thanks for sharing. Then you get by.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai