Speaker 1  00:00
On timing, because if we did it in the morning, Adrian might not be at work yet, and Lori with your kings, considering the time of day we'd be meeting, because I need to meet while I'm here in the morning or late in the afternoon, so that for the bulk of that day I can be out there visiting centers, so Joy, I'm more than happy for you to raise anything that you would want to raise in this meeting, or ask any questions that you would like answers to, to give you a bit more clarity. But if you don't do either of those things today, that's also okay. The reason I wanted you here was so that you could have to form a bit of an overview of what we do and how we manage things and what challenges we face and how tackling those challenges. Awesome. Great. So, as I was saying before, Jane and Joy joined us. We had 290 bookings last week. We had 259 bookings the week before, and I think it was something like 270 bookings the week before that, and we've had 229 bookings this week, so we've seen a bit of a sharp decline, and what's happening is Edge Early Learning, who makes up a significant portion of our business and our entire client base in SA to date, losing confidence in us and walking away from us. We've been talking on our monthly reports about a high percentage fill rate. On the last report, it was 96% However, we were incorrectly classifying cancelations. So, what was happening? Joy was a childcare center in Adelaide was putting a booking in on Monday. Now, for Adelaide, they have area managers that approve bookings for the center for the cluster of centers they work with. So, just because a center manager in Adelaide creates a booking doesn't necessarily mean it goes live, can be filled first. It sits in a, in a approval window, and once that it was approved, then it goes live on the system, that could happen straight away, that could take some time. However, once a booking was approved, if it was sitting on our portal for anywhere between 24 to 72 hours, and then still wasn't filled, the center was calling us maybe an hour before the booking was due to commence, and saying, hey Liam, we don't really need anyone anymore. Thank you anyway. You could just go ahead and cancel that booking, and what we were doing is we were just putting that, because we can classify cancelations, and that could mean that the educator canceled, so now we can track canceling bookings last minute and attempt to discuss that behavior with them, and let them know that if that continues, that there'll be consequences, they'll be taken off the off the platform, because it gets canceling bookings last minute creates a lot of center, and it's just unreliable behavior, and we don't want it, or we could classify it as client canceling the booking. There are times we just genuinely don't need an educator anymore within child care. In all rooms, there's a ratio of how many educators are needed for how many children, and I believe it's one to one educator to every four children if they're three years and below, and one educator to every 11 children if three years and above. So, if a childcare center has less children coming in on a particular day that they forecasted for, they might now not need that additional additional educator, so then canceling it makes total sense. However, with what's happening with Edge, especially, is they're calling us up and saying, "I don't need somebody, you can please go ahead and cancel that booking, and we're saying, "Okay, and we're putting that down as client canceling. There's one last classification for canceled bookings, which is unfilled shift. Now, if a booking has been sitting with us for 72 hours and the center is calling an hour before and canceling it, there's a very high probability that they're doing that because we haven't been able to fill their booking and they've been looking at it and waiting for it to be filled and it hasn't been filled and they've reached out to another agency who's filled it, and what happens there is they're getting more traded with raw talent.

Speaker 1  04:26
In the beginning, they were asked by senior management to only use raw talent because we were most effective agency for them, but center managers don't care about pricing. Where they see all they care about is ticking the staffing problem off their list for day, and getting their bookings filled. It's senior management and the accounts team that care about the financial doesn't impact the center managers. So, the center managers are complaining to the area managers, saying, "We're struggling to get our booking skill with raw talent. Is it okay if we can't get it filled with that we go to another agency? And the one in South Australia that they use predominantly is called Entrez, so Entrez, like the big agency in Adelaide, they've been here for about five years, I think. Jane said the other day, now once they've gotten that approval to go to another agency, what they're going to do is, if they're getting everything's filled and filled quickly with that other agency, other agency potentially may be managing expectations and a relationship better, then they're going to go more and more to that other agency, to the point where they don't give their bookings to us anymore. So this is an interesting joy. We had 3500 bookings that we filled in Adelaide in the 25 final year, we had 5900 bookier fields in this last financial year, which hasn't finished yet. It's still this month, so we've doubled almost the amount of bookings this year that we filled for edge than the bookings we filled last year, but we have also lost about 40% of the centers across Adelaide for Edge that we work with this year than we were working with, so working with, hypothetically, 30 centers across Adelaide last year, and we did three and a half 1000 bookings. Now we're only working with approximately 12 centers this year, and we've almost doubled the amount of bookings, so potentially part of the problem with our fill rate is demand increasing significantly, but yeah, I think it's safe to say that we've dropped the ball with the SA, and we need to do some homework and figure out what's going wrong, how they feel, and how to fix it over the coming months, so that we don't completely lose the account, and so that we can also build from there. Now, all of this is none of this is any one team's problem. The thing with our business, every single part of our company needs to work together cohesively in order for us to be able to achieve really good results. If I go out and do lots and lots of sales and bring lots of new centers on board that create a huge amount of bookings, but Jane and Adrian don't really do a good job with onboarding and struggle there, then Lori won't have available educators to fill shifts with, and we don't get a good result if I don't go out there and bring any new centers on board, and there's no bookings to fill, and Jane and Adrian have done an extraordinary job onboarding people, and Lori has all the educators she needs, but there's a big supply, but no bookings to fill, then we don't do well, so we need to cohesively work together really well to achieve good results. If any one section of the business doesn't achieve what they need to, then the whole operation kind of suffers. Does that make sense? Joy, it's mainly for you. I know everyone else. Yep, cool. So, where we are today is we need to have a look at our processes, look at our SOPs, on blocking team, the quality team, how we fill bookings, how we manage relationships, how we manage operations, our technology, and see where there are opportunities for improvement, opportunities to streamline, opportunities to level up opportunities to create SOPs and work flows, so that everyone knows this is the standard, this is the expectation, this is how it's achieved. And then their jobs are well defined in a broad sense. We need to do that. That's right. And we'd love your help with that. Immediately, we've got this problem where we want to grow in Adelaide, and we want to save Edge.

Speaker 1  08:41
So, what I've done, with the help of Jane and Sophia, is I collated some reports where I've got a list of all of the Edge centers with work with since September last year, and all of their booking history, bookings raised, bookings completed, bookings canceled for each month, totals for each center, and then a total for the whole year. And you've Raj, the head of our dev team, who you'll meet soon, if you haven't already met, which is creating a report for me to go out and visit all of those edge centers, so that I can have an idea of where they're at, and I'm not going out to try to ask those centers to come back. I'm not going out with the hopes of winning business back. I'm going out there to simply try to be curious and have conversations and learn what's happening. So, whether it's a center that's still using us significantly, or a center that has completely walked away from us, or a center that's in the process of walking away from us. I want to understand why. How they're managing casual staffing, what challenges they might be experiencing working with us, what other agencies they might be using, what kind of experience they have, what those agencies get right, what those agencies struggle with, so that I can bring some information back to everybody to say, okay, at a center level, this is how they feel, and here are the patterns experiencing, this is who are working with, and this is what they like about those people, and how they're getting things right, and I'm even going to go so far as to record those conversations and run them through AI, so that I can get a real good insight into that's actually happening on the other side I've created the help of Jane and Sophia's of approximately I think it was 82 diploma educators and 84 cert three educators across South Australia and once again their booking histories, so how many bookings they accepted, how many they completed, and how many were canceled each month from September 2025 to this month, and then a total. And I'm personally going to call them, and those calls will be recorded, and I will have conversations with them to try to understand, because I think what we have here is an operations and execution problem, and our customer relationship management problem, but I think also what we have is an onboarding and under supply problem. When I said at the start that we were celebrating a 96% fill rate, we ran some deeper analysis on that, you've Raj and I, and it actually came back at an average of 70% which is quite dire. I mean, if we only get it right 70% of the time for centers, then that leads to a pretty average experience for them, you know. We need to be above 90 290 3% to be good in their eyes, so we've got lots of work to do. The purpose for today's meeting, so I wanted you to sit in these meetings, joy, if that was okay, please, because I think it'll give you a really good vantage point to be able to see, you know, what we're struggling with, what we're doing about it, and maybe even how we're approaching that, you might have some thoughts about that as well. What we're talking about here today is we, we are currently redesigning how we onboard clients through the technology and the nurture sequences that go out for emails and stuff, and how we kind of manage that, and SOPs, and we'll definitely need your advice and input on that. Once we've done that, which I imagine will be in approximately a month, the next thing we want to do is we want to look at completely redefining how we onboard candidates, so we're going to rearrange the onboarding process, so we're going to have more qualifying happening at the start, phone interview, complete your video interview, do a couple of other steps before you even get access to the portal, which means that our team are only working on those profiles where people are actually serious and they've done the hard parts first, and we're going to obviously need to create some SOPs and a structure around that and best practice, and how we do that. That's going to take some time, though.

Speaker 1  13:03
It's clear that we have some onboarding issues that we're experiencing now today, and we're moving into the busy period of early childhood. So, from like May, June, when it's winter time here in Australia, all the way up to November, December, that's when the majority of the work we do, and where all the opportunities to capitalize and grow the business exists, and the reason for that is because centers need more staff, so they're now in a buying mind frame. They want to talk to agencies, they want casual staffing, they want to buy what we have to sell. In February, they have no interest in talking to us, because they're they don't have the children attending for a whole array of reasons, which I'll explain later. So they don't want to buy. So I asked the team two weeks ago to give me an insight into how we can fix onboarding, but I wasn't clear enough in that. And what they did is they came back and had a meeting with me and walked me through a presentation of how we can fix it from a system and sop point of view long term, and it was a fantastic presentation, and we're going to put a lot of that into practice, and I'll get Jane to walk you through that, but I think we'll wait a week or so until you've got a little bit more context on how we're currently on board, then that will make a lot more sense to you. What we need to come up with today, and what I've asked them to come and chat to me about is, okay, we've got a disjointed process in place, but how board people at a faster pace and get them engaged and doing shifts more now, and get centers, you know, using favorites, using availabilities, requesting people how can we get it from a 70% fill rate back to a 90% fill rate as soon as humanly possible now without those changes to the technology or SOPs yet. We are going to change them, but realistically it's going to take three months, so we need to think, okay, how can we stop the bleeding now and start fixing things now while we're also working on those long term changes at the same time concurrently? Okay, sorry, overload, I get it. Okay, great. So I'll hand it over to the team now. So via Jay, I assume you guys have had a catch up and talk about what we're doing, and,

Speaker 2  15:30
and I am hoping that you guys might have some money able to. able to I Thank

Speaker 3  16:16
Instead, so that way we can tell from when I do the reference check over the phone, before you can actually tell how happy they are with that candidate, but so I think that is a great advantage for us to do that as well, and then for the video interview, I think we can do, we can reach out to this educator, kind of like motivate them that this is going to be very quick, as soon as you're done, you'll get into documents done, and when we do the reference check, then we can get the mobile ACE on the phone anyway, as soon as they complete the video interview that they need, do the documents that we need, then that's all good, they're all set, and can start working, and in terms of the client side to ensure that the quality is good. I believe when our educators complete their first shift, it would be a good idea for us to just kind of like call the center, check it in, see how they see how educators go, and then maybe that is an opportunity for us to insert our rating system and favorite after, if the post is coming back like positive, you know,

Speaker 1  17:34
great. Okay, yep, sounds good. So we need to get like call flows, SOPs for going through a reference check. We need to also look at that and send that to me by email, the reference form, and we can kind of go and references and video interview, and how we're kind of motivating them, so at

Speaker 4  18:12
the moment we are following your gold standard wedding call, but in the middle of those calls we also have to highlight the interview as well as the references that the next steps then motivate them,

Speaker 1  18:28
right? Okay, great, um And can we make all of these templates available to Joy as up so that she can kind of have a bit of an overview of our onboarding process. So, Joy Early Childhood is a low barrier to entry blue collar type sector in Australia, and it's made a lot of people that have migrated to Australia, you know, within the last few years, and they feel as though they've got transferable skills because they either worked in some kind of capacity with children in their home country or their mothers, and they feel like that automatically gives them transferable skills, but we're dealing with people that might have a bit of a language barrier might not be heavy, so for example, we run landing pages for centers to sign themselves up and create a casual booking, and we quite often get educators going through the steps and filling the contact form in with their details and putting the name of the center that they last worked at, thinking that they're actually applying for a job, and it comes through to us as them applying for a booking. We want them to do references and nominate references on on the onboarding flow with official work emails, so instead of joy@hotmail.com it would be joy@ninoeearlylearning.com That way we know that your reference, Joy, is a legitimate person that works at a childcare center, not someone that you have a personal relationship with. One of the choke points for onboarding is references, because quite often they'll nominate someone and put a personal email address, and we're in a sense trying to call them, get them on the phone, explain that they need a work email, and then hope that they'll then do the work and call and find that work email and put it on the system for us. What we're thinking might be a better way to approach this is that we just simply ask them, Where have you worked recently? What centers, and then we put those centers down, and then we just call those centers, and we speak that we asked to speak to management, we record their name, we record the email address, and then there is, you know, satisfactory or unsatisfactory, and we think about writing a performance form in such a way where each question can be weighted with a percentage, so that once the form is complete, you've either got 70% or above and you've passed, or you've got 70% or below and you fail, then you can't be on boarded. So collectively, from two references, you have to complete 141% 200% if you complete one, if you complete one 40% or down, then that means you completed under 70% for both references. If that kind of makes sense. Video interview, there's trepidation. We have an I don't know if this is a human thing or more something that might be prevalent because we have a dominant, predominantly female workforce, but they're quite apprehensive about video interviews and recording themselves, and, and I don't know if that's a safety thing, or I'm feeling a bit nervous, I'm not quite sure what that's from, but we're trying to remove some of the stigma around that, and get them to complete their video interviews. Video interviews help us. The reason we implemented video interviews was so that we could interview people on mass without us having to be there. But another thing we use them for, joy, because we want them to still be a part of what we do. We make those links visible on candidates' profiles, so that centers watch those video interviews before the educator even arrives. However, our one of our long-term plans for our database is that we're going to open editors' profile, the profile picture, a link to watch their video interview, their compliance, get the fact that they are compliant, and a bit about their work history and their performance, so that centers can go in and just browse a library of educators available in their area that haven't worked at their center before and hand pick ones they want to for shifts, so it turns more of an aggregate site. Yeah, I think they're good ideas. Let's get those things in place. Can we figure out a bit of a plan, guys, of what steps we need? Like, we're here today, we've got these ideas, fantastic.

Speaker 1  22:50
What needs to happen between today and those ideas going live? So we need to rewrite the reference form. I'll help with that. If someone can download that and please send it to me, if you can maybe get that from Prince Sophia, Prince is who we go to for all of our dev concerns. Joy, he works for French, and if you guys want to work on those SOPs, maybe we want to shorten the vetting call, Jane. Maybe we don't need to get all of that information right now. Maybe we want to qualify. Are you happy to invest in the call? This is how long it's going to take, and what we're going to talk about. Let's get you onboarded. And then, if we're calling people and doing a vetting call, maybe we break the vetting call into two. Maybe you get a vetting course about references and video interview, and we've got lots of work for you. As soon as you complete that, we're going to get stuff very quickly, and then for the people that actually complete that and improve themselves, and then go through to onboarding, then we can give them another call. That call might happen while they're onboarding, or they might be so quick they might complete their onboarding, and that call happens before they go active, and that's where we talk about what centers have you worked at in the past. We want to make sure that we're putting you on the right pay rate. We can do some lead generation to find out if they put agencies or centers that have used agencies. What usage levels do they have, so that we can have a market gage their experience a bit more, and so maybe we want to break it up into two. Okay, great. Was that it from you, Sophia? Yeah, and you have stuff because you said you want to go first, Sophia. So I thought maybe that meant you had some stuff as

Speaker 5  24:22
well. I just wanted to do like now.

Speaker 6  24:28
Yeah, I'll just go since we were the reference check. So, based on our meeting last time, I think I already informed you guys that I've been doing that for a while already, doing some manual reference check. I've been receiving tasks regarding doing some reference check around maybe 10 per day reference call, and also what I've noticed, the challenges are not all references are available every time that I give them a call, so say that on the floor or they're simply they're just not available to do the quick or even like a quick reference, and also sometimes managing the reference calls has been a challenge because I've been doing other tasks as well, and doing being the main inbound in the afternoon once Lori and Marcia are off off the queue, so sometimes it's a challenge for me, so what I'm planning is I want to schedule, or to have a scheduled training with the onboarding, or maybe even if just Vicky, that can help me do the reference call, and that way we can target, or we can call more educators, or call more references, just to speed up and fast track the onboarding process, and also I will be needing your guide and support regarding this one, just to do some sample calls, help with the scripts, and that way this will be the guide, or me and his guide, or some of the onboarding team, if they're not that busy, that can do the reference check with me as well, and I can, yeah. So, this will be added on the SOPs, part of the SOPs, and upload it to ensure

Speaker 7  26:20
the teams.

Speaker 1  26:23
Okay. Thanks. So, KC Joy is not stands for Knowledge Center, and it's a dashboard that Jane's putting together, where it's kind of like we're going to request an actual look at the current response from Sophia, she's going to get that from Prince, like a downloaded copy, and it kind of new approach references that is a little bit more condensed, and then from that, me and you, Adrian, are going to come up with SOPs and a call flow for how those references should be done, and then automation reference calls. You're going to make reference calls, we're going to listen to them collectively, we'll run them through AI if we need to, as well, or if we want to, to get a bit of feedback, and we're going to refine, and then maybe further refine the SOPs until we've got something that we're working with really well that takes care of how to do the reference calls and what they consist of, but the other challenge, and just to give you some context, Joy Sophia, Lori, Adrian, and Jane started with me as new consultants approximately 18 months ago, when I took over and inherited Raw Talent. I started Raw Talent 10 years ago with a friend of mine named Ryan. We went out to a competitor and we were going to sell, and when we're in due diligence, our numbers dipped dramatically. The offer reached significantly and we decided not to sell. My business partner at that point, Ryan, decided to step away from the company completely, which meant that I took it over, but I wasn't happy with the structure of the team point or the app. Now, my job, three that split, was I was just doing sales and relationship management. Ryan completely managed the team and day to day operations. Since taking over, we have completely rebuilt the app to make it more SaaS approach, and we've completely rebuilt the team. So Sophia, Lori, Adrian, and Jane started with me. Then today we've got a large enough team, but we only have a select few people that we trust to have conversations with centers or clients, and then we've got more junior people that we only trust with candidate onboarding, and when it comes to the inbound queue, there's no way of us knowing if an incoming call.. oh, well, there is kind of a way. In Australia, you have mobile phone numbers, which in the Philippines 93 and then whatever it might be, and then in Australia we also have landline numbers. I'm not sure if you still use landlines in the Philippines or how that works, but a landline number will have an oh eight or an oh three or an oh two, depending on the state it is, so Sydney's oh two, Melbourne's oh three, Adelaide's oh eight, Queensland's oh four, and then it'll have eight numbers like 93125068 for example, if it's a landline, most certainly a center, because people don't really have landline phones in their private residences anymore, because it's kind of redundant technology. If it's a mobile number, it might be an educator or a candidate, but it could also be a center manager that is just calling from their phone out of convenience because they're out of work or away from their desk, so we're scared to let our entire team answer the phones because they might answer the phone and speak to a client and that client might have a bad and decide to leave us as a result of that call, so what Adrian's saying is is that she's trying to answer the incoming queue, along with Vicky, in the afternoons, and some help with Sophia, I believe, depending on the hour she's working and what she has on, while also being able to make outbound calls and do reference checks. Now, I think what we need to figure out, Joy, is how does relationship management work, and realistically, can we get our team Philippines to manage? How do we want to break those responsibilities up?

Speaker 1  30:40
And what I'm thinking is maybe in Australia, on the ground, in each state, we have what's called a workforce partner, someone who goes out to centers gets them on board, welcomes them on board, visits them every couple of months, talks to them about the app features, benefits, locks in behaviors, and then we have our team in the Philippines that execute and talks to centers about their bookings next week. Do they have any favorites? So I guess kind of more transactional stuff.

Speaker 1  31:10
Yeah, and the face is kind of the more, you know, transformational relationship management kind of thing, where they really understand what that center goes through and what the trends are and what the big picture is. Is how I'm thinking of doing it, but what we need to do is I've just gone through a bit of a purge where I've let a few consultants go, they're significantly underperforming, and I've brought Donna, Gillian, and Sheena, and Mary on board, and they're doing really well, but they're also quite new, so they've been with us, I think, for three and a half months, and there's a lot to learn when you come on board with a company like ours, but I think what we need potentially is a morning team and an afternoon team that can do everything, like so. If we have three people in the afternoon team away, we can still manage calls, have people answering the queue, have our done instead of these people just do onboarding, these people answer the queues. These people do this. I think maybe we need more cross training, but we need to figure out and define what responsibilities and what it is we want these teams to do. Can they do it, and what structure do we need to provide so that they can comfortably understand? Because what I've noticed about working with consultants in the Philippines, and this is a broad statement. The Philippines is a huge company, and let me preface this part that are more intelligent than I will ever be, and are more successful than I'll ever be. But from a BPA, a BPO, I think you call it point of view, I think a lot of the consultants I've always, if you tell them this is what I want, and this is exactly what I want you to say, and how to do it. There's no one better on earth. They're fantastic, but when it comes to being a little bit more independent-minded and analytic, and being able to have the presence of mind to shift conversations in certain directions and have commercial awareness, I think that's there's a much smaller pool of people that have those skills, is I don't know, is that a fair statement? Joy, from your experience, what do you

Speaker 8  33:17
think from my experience, and some of the representatives need that time to spend within a company to really understand the context of what they need to do in terms of building beyond those scripts. I would like to say something about like what you mentioned earlier about client relationship management, because you're correct, there should be actually like an account manager, called it's like an account manager, we called it a workforce partner, call that an account manager is somebody who really creates that relationship with clients for them, and you know, we just create that relationship with them, and I agree that work again with what team remotely,

Speaker 1  34:14
yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, yeah. Okay, so let's figure out we're here today. This is what we want to achieve, and how we're going to do it. So I think Jane and Sophia are going to kind of look at like vetting calls and what we need to do there, so do a little bit more of the heavy lifting there. Sophia, just because that's kind of her team and what she does. Me and you, Adrian, will work together on references. Step one, I'll receive the reference from Sophia and recreate it, and then step two, I'll get your feedback on it. We'll create some SOPs in a call flow, and then we'll make some calls together, like you'll make some calls, I'll make some calls, we'll come together, we'll listen to those, we'll run them through AI, and we'll figure out, you know, where they're, and is there room for improvement, is there room to change the SOPs lightly, and get them to a point where we're really happy with them, and then we can maybe start cross training and getting more people making those calls, so that responsibility does on your shoulders, or Vicky's shoulders. Is there anything else besides videos and references and onboarding I

Speaker 6  35:28
quick update about the students, the educators, so following the guidance that I think I'm not mistaken, so we have decided the team has decided to not proceed with accepting students at this stage with onboarding, it's mainly because in Victoria, sorry, in Victoria, so we want to maintain the quality standards of the educators and also to meet the center's expectation. Yeah, because I think this week earlier, if I'm sorry, right, we receive a call from the center, Pittawala, if you remember her, she has like a year experience already working in childcare, however, the center is really not that happy, like with her

Speaker 9  36:23
experience, no

Speaker 1  36:25
more, no more students, so to give you are, that's fine. No more students in Victoria, students in Adelaide. To give you, to give you a quick overview. Joy, in different states we have different marketplaces. In Victoria, Melbourne, we have what's called a candidate rich market, which means there's government funding available, and there's lots of migration there, so there is a huge pool of people that are either studying towards or starting a career in childcare. So the challenge is not filling shifts at centers in Melbourne, easy. The challenge is finding good people that are aligned, that the centers love, and then locking is so they re request them and favorite them and have them as part of their team moving forward. When I walk into centers in Melbourne and say, 'Hey, we do casual staffing, the response is, 'Yeah, good for you. What do you want? Because they're not super happy to see me. They've got lots of agencies approaching them, and all they need to do is put an add-on seek and find their own staff pretty quickly. Anyway, in places like Adelaide, where there's reduced migration, there's a significantly reduced amount of government funding available to study child care that people who have migrated already cash poor, and it's a smaller pool in general, have to pay more money out of their pocket to start a career in childcare. So, there's less people that do that, so it's harder to find educators. Basically, there are more bookings in Adelaide than there are educators, and there are more educators in Melbourne than there are bookings, and what that means is center managers in Adelaide are happy to have people that are currently studying towards their qualification works as a casual educator at their center in Melbourne, they have higher standards, and they only want people that have finished their qualification. That's why the team's making that distinction in early childhood education and care. As long as you have your compliance documents and you're currently enrolled and working towards a qualification, you're allowed to work in the sector. So that's fine. Students for Adelaide, no students for Melbourne under any circumstances. That being said, though, if we have people coming on board in Melbourne and registering, and they sound good, and let's tag them. Let's not lose those opportunities this year. We might speak to 500 people that apply, and we really like them, and they're students, and they sound fantastic. Let's, let's keep them somewhere waiting, so that we can go back and revisit those profiles and get them on board at a later date when they've finished their qualification. So, let's figure out some SOPs around that, and even raise something with prints if we have to, from a tech point of view. I.E. What course are you in? When I be finished, we'd love to contact you down the track, because we feel like you might be a fantastic fit for us, so that we can then raise those profiles again and talk to those people again, instead of losing them completely to another agency. Cool. Anything else? Okay. What I would like to see, Laurie and Jane and Sophia - I'll say mainly just guys work in the afternoon. Lori works in the, in the, in the mornings, is maybe generating some ideas over the next week about whether or not we want to start reaching out to centers over the phone, and asking, you've had these educators at your center recently, what was the experience? Would you like to favorite anybody? Did you know you can request people? We wanted to make sure that you knew how to download the workforce registry report for compliance availability is alive. alive hey did you know availabilities alive it's really hard finding really good quality educators you can now go here in the portal and see when your favorite people are available which means that you can book them in before another center in your area books them out so it creates a bit of urgency Be maybe maybe calls on a Friday. Do you have any bookings next week that you'd want us to now, so that we can maximize and get the educators that you love to basically let's reach out to them. Let's let them know that we've got all of these amazing features, benefits. Do they need some help? Do they need anything? Can we do that? Great. Okay. Fantastic.

Speaker 1  41:03
I'm going to call the Adelaide Educators myself, and I'm moving, I'm segmenting them into three categories, the educators that are working with us consistently, the ones that are starting to decrease their workload with us, i.e. they're moving away from raw talent, and the ones that used to work with us and don't anymore at all. And what I want to do is same as the centers, I want to understand why, I want to understand they're doing, who they're working with, what they liked about raw talent, what they found challenging, what they like about working with whatever agency they're working, they are working with an agency, and what they find challenging, and would they be interested they did, what would they like to see, what they like to experience, so that we can figure out what's happening at a sensor level, what's happening at an educator level, and then start putting some plans in place to fix both of those. We'll put ourselves in a fantastic

Speaker 2  42:00
position to capitalize on all other private and council centers in Adelaide. January benefit, because we will have fixed the system.

Speaker 1  42:10
Okay, anything else? Anyone else today? I time.

Speaker 4  42:13
So far we were able to do a training from introduction to onboarding workflow, and now we are focusing on them listening to calls, very calls, and by next week, our target is for dialing candidates as a practice, and on top of that, Sheena is now helping with the emails, so it's putting less pressure for Mary and Vicky to clear the emails. We have Jillian and Donna, who's now pretty mainly coming at 3pm onwards, so during Adrian and Vicki's break time, then we have two coverage for challenges, though. What I've noticed, and this has been raised by the team, the portal is very slow, and what I'm thinking is because of the recent updates, and it's also slowing our tasks. Mainly when we go to candidates profile, it'll take at least a minute or two to load. Go to the notes section, so it'll take some time.

Speaker 9  43:30
What else. So,

Speaker 1  43:34
first of all, write that and put a high priority on that, and tag both prints and new branch in the app issue section, Sophia. But we need specifics, and we need screenshots. If we just say the app, the portal is slow, that's too broad. We need to say when we're doing this, this is what's happening. Please see screenshot. This is the time. This is the location. This is an even go as far as to get the consultant, because you know they're going to push back. Get the consultant, whether it's Vicky, Sheena, whoever it might be, those test things like, you know, the speed dial test for your uploads and downloads, and whatever, so we can say, 'Hey, pull slow this time when we're trying to do this. Here's a screenshot, and here's also a screenshot of us testing the internet for that consultant the exact same time. So, rules out immediately that it's not an internet problem. It shows that it's something with the portal. Let's get it fixed.

Speaker 4  44:33
All right. right, and also these are the solutions that we have came up with so far with all of the challenges that we have been experiencing for the past few weeks, so aside from prioritizing onboarding an essay that's going to be in connection with doing the reference over the phone, and we'll be needing your help in building the SOPs and records of calls as well. We highlight the educators of the ones are not doing that, and our,

Speaker 1  45:11
as far as educators in the monthly concerned. I need your help there, Jane. Please, just currently generating a list of edge sensitive, where is it? SA centers, these are the centers I'm going to be going to visit while I'm in SA. Yeah, and what I, what you've rather doing is using this data, so here we have all of our essay, so three educators over last few months, as well as the diploma ones, please go through. Let me share this with you, Jane, and anyone else who might want it in the notes section here. Please copy that link, Jane. Please go through this and highlight the names of the really good sense of the really good educators, and get a maybe don't call it educator of the month, call it educator appreciation handing out like 10 or 15 this month, we have to title it something else, design just change the word of the month, and I can get those printed at Office Works on Tuesday morning here, and get them all laminated, and go out to those centers. What should I bring as a gift? Flowers, chocolates. What do you think the educators might want?

Speaker 4  46:51
Yeah, flowers and chocolates are very sweet. I think that's a good, but yeah, so far, Liam, I actually already done with the certificate. I selected three for the month of May because of the feedback that we have received, plus the completed shifts that they completed

Speaker 1  47:13
for the month, maybe increase it. I'm in Adelaide, and I'm not going to be back here for a month. I'm sure that there's more than three educators here that do really, really good jobs for us. We don't just want to find out from our educators that are leaving us or dormant why they left. We want to lock in our current educators, and one way we can do that is by them really appreciate their efforts in thanking them, because if they leave, then it just speeds the fly with

Speaker 4  47:40
yes. So I want to make sure, as well, to implement that, or to educate the Highline, the Educator of the Month, or

Speaker 1  47:51
the appreciation. Can you please do it today or over the weekend, but you get to get 10 educators Canva with what we're going to call it header of the month. It's like, thank you people in the same month, so we're going to, it's like an appreciation, thank you, great job, whatever. And then download them as PDFs and send them to me, all as attached, one by 110, different attachments on the email, and then I'll literally go and print them on Monday or over the weekend and get them laminated at Officeworks. I want to be Monday is a public holiday here, which means the centers are closed. I want to be in my car Tuesday morning at 9am going to visit a bunch of centers, and I want to check the database and say, these are the certificates with where are these people working today? Are they at the centers I'm at?

Speaker 4  48:37
Okay, so the next thing that I want to do is to do an email blast. In that way, it would motivate other educators as well.

Speaker 1  48:46
Yeah, I appreciate that, Dane. Let's not worry about that right now, though. I think we've got much, much bigger problems to fix, in terms of an email blast. We've got Jamina, who's just joined out to email nurture sequences and email strategy and system generation. As soon as we fix client onboarding and we start working on candidate onboarding, we'll definitely incorporate Educator of the Month, and you've done a great job this week. And let's highlight this educator involved this month, who did initiatives got this feedback as a result, got a pay rise, and got this award from Royal Ton. We'll do all of that, but yeah, like we're on the Titanic. We just hit an iceberg, we're sinking.

Speaker 2  49:30
Jack and Rose just fell into the ward, or who the best cook on the Titanic. Let's try to survive first, and then we just on checks, video interviews live. Did you know that you can see in booking people into the database, then the numbers will start going up, and

Speaker 10  49:57
it's a great idea. It's just about six weeks away.

Speaker 4  50:01
Okay, the next thing for having a temporary, not temporary, but this would be a long-term solution as well, re-engaging with our newly activated educators with no shifts yet, plus those who took their first shifts. Once we got a feedback from the educators, we then contact the center immediately to express the feedback. We have to have, like, a format of the talking points, so walk them through how to rate educators that they like the favorite and those stuff, so your help on that as well.

Speaker 1  50:40
Sure, great. We'll reach out and schedule some time with me, and we'll go through it.

Speaker 4  50:47
Yes, yeah, that's pretty much it for me. From me,

Speaker 11  50:51
great. All right, we all know what we have to do.

Speaker 1  51:00
Reach out to me, engagement. How do we improve it? How do we reach out to the centers? All four of you collectively are going to figure out how we're going to start making calls proactively to centers to talk about what educators are working out. Did they know they can have favorites? Did they know that they can rebook people? Did they know that availabilities is now live? Is there anything they need help with for next week? And Sophia, couple of days, Jane, you're going to send me a list of documents, which is Educator Appreciation Award, or whatever you're going to title it. Okay. Great. All right. Thank you all for your time. Really appreciate you attending, Joy. I know that you're going through your training, but you're also working some hours outside of that on the business, as opposed to in the business. As I said, Adrian takes care of onboarding quality. Jane looks after onboarding and training your consultants. Lori's doing mornings. Sophia manages operations. If you want to reach out to them and have little catch-ups, so that you can get some context on things. By all means, please feel free to do that. We've got lots of problems we need to solve with Royal Talent. Problem problems, I think, bro. And it, no matter what, it's going to take some time, but I'm happy for you to work whatever hours you want to work. Joy need to meet with me, or would like to meet with me? Please feel free to do so as well.

Speaker 12  52:35
Okay, it's nice meeting you.

Speaker 13  52:40
Thank you. Likewise,

Speaker 1  52:44
cool. Lori, I think you got your hand up. You got something?

Speaker 13  52:47
Yes. Sorry. Yeah, I'm just from the booking scene, so just wanted to share, of course, our big struggle at the moment is filling bookings and cloud Australia, especially in dealing with as well. So we need to increase the supply up in SA. So we have currently have 166 educators that consist of part timers, full timers, students, and other educators that will be available for one day now. While the onboarding team is prioritizing the applicants from a during this week, we actually collected common problems from our educators, what they are currently facing, so some of them are not receiving notifications well. That might be because they did not set up the notifications correctly, which I do have few of educators that we had to walk through, so that's good. And we have sent them an email just to make sure they follow the steps correctly moving forward as well, in case they lose that setup. And then some of them are receiving notifications that they cannot see, that means they receive notification, but they cannot see the bookings and the app itself. But in our side, through the admin side, they are actually available, and we have to assign them manually, and I did a bit of a digging, and those educators are within 30

Speaker 11  54:18
kilometers.

Speaker 1  54:20
So, what we.. this is really good news. We're going to come together, Lori, and the whole team spoken to a number of educators in SA, and found out what the challenges are, and some of it might be these technical issues, but some of them will be happening, but they're not even knowing. If an educator is not getting notifications, they're not going to know to say to me, "Are the issue is your app and geofencing getting the notification? So they're oblivious to it. I think from the educators' perspective, is not having shifts at a broad incentives, we only have edge

Speaker 2  55:00
with us, so then pick up shifts with our competition at the same rate, Sophie and Prince immediately and place the highest to Sophia, and if you cut what proof, when they can recreate it and fix it, right?

Speaker 1  55:30
Yeah, so that's really good. It's fantastic information. Do we have any screenshots for any of that kind of stuff, or any timestamps?

Speaker 13  55:36
I believe I have raised these issues before, and I have names of LEDs through, because it's been a back.

Speaker 1  55:45
What we need over the next couple of weeks is screenshots, so you ring and speak to Ms. She's not getting anything, screenshots and timestamps and booking numbers. Send it out there.

Speaker 13  55:58
Okay, understood. Get to the bottom of what's going to be the problem in our candidate side, because we do have 166 Let's say we have half of them is really active and really one thing, but they're not aware unless

Speaker 1  56:16
so, yes, so the immediate fixes on the system and pay for SMSs, but let's reach out to those educators and ask them, Can you see an available shift today for Flagstaff Hill, because you're in the radius and it's live. If they say no, please go to available bookings for today and take a screenshot and send it to me. Flagstaff Hill doesn't show up there. And then we've got 9:02am Matt Harvey, who lives three club hill, whose diploma is not saying bookings, but this booking should be showing on her, and here's a scrap saying that it's not there very same moment showing that it does exist, and here's her profile, everything's compliant, she's active, and to achieve, and then so we'll raise something for prints, can we get this looked at and fixed immediately to hear the thesis, but we just need proof with my heart that this is happening, but if I just say they're not getting notifications, he can't fix it, but if I say hey at 9:02am on Thursday the 16th of June at Harvey, who lives at this address, who's compliant, didn't get this shift request that's not showing in her available bookings, but here's her profile, and here's a screenshot of us showing the bookings available. What's going on? Then he can see it, recreate it, and fix.

Speaker 13  57:44
Okay, and for your device, as I noticed that

Speaker 1  57:51
provide all of this.

Speaker 13  57:54
Yeah, so what we can do from our team is I have already discussed this before, that we will have candidate engagement activity. So my team will reach out to both active and inactive educators just to gather their feedbacks, because who knows that if they have more from tests than the notifications, and at least we understand their experience better understand challenges, and encourage them, of course, to take more shifts with us by highlighting our available opportunities and benefits of being active with us, so we will also talk to points, I'll try to come up with talking points with the help of the rest of the managers, sure that I didn't miss out anything. This will also, in this call, will also those educators that's part of our challenge of learning that

Speaker 1  58:53
So, sorry, I want you to read all those educators for those educators that are.. Can you please create a list of the suspects? But the reason I want to do those is I want to be paying other agencies, I figured out that they see absurd three deployments available at Virginia for Ed, and we pay them $42 an hour, and that shift will show up, and they'll get $46 an hour, so they're just waiting, and then they're just accepting it with the other agency and the center managers thinking, God associate, they can't even fill my shift. And from what you're telling me, we have a bunch of educators down here that would have accepted this shift, but they kind of will figure this out, the pay thing, and look at our profitability with edge and fix that where we can, and we'll figure this out as well, and what that'll tell us is this is how much those agencies are paying educators to work at all of these other privacies across Adelaide, and now we've fixed all the app problems as well, so now we know how much to charge these new centers with everyone, or and exactly how much to pay these educators to investigate. we could be entree's worst fucking nightmare in Adelaide, and the way we do that is, and the easiest way to get edge back is, we start picking up a whole bunch of new private centers, we start paying educators more, the app works really well, and then every educator and center we pick up, it had to makes them look less reliable. Right now, we're less reliable because we're not filling the shifts, because we're not doing the things Andre is doing. Then we'll start taking away, and that'll make it harder for them to lay edge, make them start looking bad, make us start looking better,

Speaker 9  1:00:54
right?

Speaker 1  1:00:55
Yeah, I want to give the owner of Entrez a nervous breakdown. I'm going to send him an email saying Adelaide's amazing and live here permanently, but we need to fix these problems, and we've identified the problems, and we're working towards fixing them, which is great.

Speaker 13  1:01:10
Okay, so

Speaker 1  1:01:12
for that stuff

Speaker 13  1:01:14
that and then starting next week and the client, sorry, candidate engagement in the morning, because we are swamped in the morning, we decided my team decided to extend working after hours, I think the best contact rate is around four to six when educators are no longer on their ships, so hopefully we could get higher contact rate during that time, but a lot of we will do which one is the highest contact rate? So, if it's not four to six, maybe we will be able to just, yeah, that's it. My chatia grease, and we are also available on weekends if we need to reach out Saturday.

Speaker 1  1:02:06
Yes, is this just to call educators to find out what's going on?

Speaker 13  1:02:11
I believe we talked about this before. You have lists of educators that you will have to divide in three groups. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:02:21
sorry. Sorry, I haven't actually informed Lord. We're not going to get the team to contact the SA educators anymore. So, go, what's going to happen is legally reach out to them by himself. The reason I haven't announced that yet is just because I'm still waiting for the actual plan from Liam. What's gonna happen? So, yeah, confirmed that at the beginning of the meeting, he's gonna call those educators himself and even get to stay back anymore, but I'll let them know myself as

Speaker 1  1:02:49
well. That being said, that being said, maybe, and I don't know if you want to do this, but, and I don't know if this should predominantly be Lori's team that does this, or the whole team, and I think you guys should all have a think about this, and I think we should also ask Joy's opinion after you've had a think about it. I want to go through and call all of our existing educators to find out what's going wrong with the booking numbers, and I'll do that over the next couple of weeks. I'll be visiting centers, but there's still lots of calls our team could make to educators that have recently activated. Have they done their first shift? Why haven't they done their first shift? There's still lots of calls that we're making to educators that work with us right now. How's everything going? Are you behind raw talent? Are we is are we the highest paying agency that you work for? Do you work for other agencies? What do those agencies pay you? Do you like working with raw talent more with entree? That's really cool. What do they do that's really good? Do you have any favorite centers that they send you to? What's their app like? Like, let's start figuring that all out. Let's be super curious once we figure out what's happening in Adelaide, what they're doing. Then we can reassess, execute better, and steal market share from them. People aren't working with entree because they hate and despise raw talent. Stay away from raw talent. It's just entree of doing the right things. If we start doing the right things, we'll start winning market share back. And the beautiful thing is, in Adelaide, there's only a finite number of educators, so if we get the app right, the pay right, and the relationship management right, every single education makes it happen, and then have that happening more and more, then we start to really input what they're doing, goals we can get. Let's execute this plan. Yeah, okay. I'm going to check my inbox, because they're going to send me the reference check, and send me a bunch of certificates that I should be handing out to educators. You guys all know what you're doing, and let's schedule some time to meet next week to go over a bit of a progress report of how we're doing, it'll be in the morning or late in the afternoon, so it'll most likely be great. Thank you so much, guys. Thank you,

Speaker 14  1:05:28
Joy. Enjoy Adelaide.

Speaker 1  1:05:32
Thanks, right. Bye bye.
